[Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en'}, page_content='Homepage || ESSECEnlighten. Lead. Change.Page daccueilESSEC Business School ESSEC Business School, an institution of excellence Founded in 1907, ESSEC Business School is a leading academic institution that combines academic rigor and practical expertise to educate the responsible leaders of tomorrow. Upholding a legacy of excellence, it nurtures a spirit of openness to advance business and social initiatives as well as innovation. With programs ranked among the best in the world, thanks in particular to its outstanding faculty, ESSEC Business School is a dynamic and committed school, recognized for its ability to educate and transform the leaders of tomorrow. Discover Transcend, ESSECs new strategy ESSEC unveils Transcend, its strategy for 2024 - 2028, built to meet an ambitious challenge: to open up the world by surpassing both physical and intangible boundaries, and by cultivating a mindset that is curious, open, humanistic, and inclusive. With this new strategic plan, ESSEC aims to become a center of collective, transdisciplinary, and connected intelligence that encourages progress. This new phase reaffirms education as a process of transformation, a guarantee of freedom, and above all, a pathway to success. It empowers us to imagine tomorrow, to share what has been passed down, and to build a better future together. Our ambition is to provide transformative education, cultivate multicultural leadership, reinvent management, and strengthen ESSECs impact on an international scale. Find out more 7 550 initial education students, 38.32% of whom are international students 154 professors of 36 nationalities, 24 Emeriti professors 5000 managers/executives in Executive Education 24 research and teaching chairs, backed by over 1,000 companies 222 partner schools and universities, in 49 countries 71 376 ESSEC Alumni members throughout the world 08.11.2024ESSEC, The CoBS, and Harvard Business School Co-Publish a Special Issue Magazine on Climate ChangeESSEC Business School, a co-founder of the Council on Business & Society (CoBS), has partnered with the Harvard Business School Institute for Business in Global Society to publish a special issue magazine on Climate Change. CoBS, established in 2011 by ESSEC alongside other leading global business schools, is an international alliance dedicated to promoting responsible leadership and sustainable business practices. This publication reflects their joint commitment to addressing urgent climate issues through education and thought leadership.voir-l-article 10.10.2024Introducing the ESSEC Hybrid Executive MBA: A flexible program for global professionalsESSEC Business School is launching the ESSEC Hybrid Executive MBA, a new addition to its MBA portfolio. This program blends online and in-person learning, offering flexibility to professionals around the world. voir-l-article 10.10.2024ESSEC Business School launches the International Program in Business Administration (IPBA) on its ESSEC Africa campusESSEC Business School is launching the International Program in Business Administration (IPBA), a five-year combined Bachelor-Master’s program, offered in English on its Rabat campus. This program is designed to train leaders who will contribute to Africa’s growth by offering them a transdisciplinary education that combines technical skills with critical thinking, creativity and innovation. voir-l-article 10.10.2024ESSEC grows its international presence with hubs in New York City and LondonESSEC Business School is marking a new milestone in its international development as part of its 2024-2028 strategic plan. ESSEC has announced the launch of hubs in New York City and London to accelerate its activities abroad and strengthen its presence in these strategic cities. voir-l-article 10.10.2024ESSEC Business School launches the Center for Geopolitics & BusinessESSEC Business School is launching the Center for Geopolitics & Business as part of its 2024 - 2028 strategy: a transdisciplinary research and pedagogical innovation center dedicated to studying the interactions between geopolitics and the business world. This center will equip our students and executive education participants with the knowledge they need to analyze the consequences of geopolitical shocks and trends on companies and organizations. Above all, it will provide them the know-how necessary for managing geopolitical challenges. voir-l-article 10.10.2024ESSEC Business School and UCLA School of Law launch a dual degree in law and managementESSEC Business School and UCLA School of Law are delighted to announce the launch of a dual degree in law and management. This international program is aligned with the goal of both institutions to offer students multidisciplinary career paths, preparing them to meet the complex challenges of tomorrow. voir-l-articletoutes-les-actualitesESSEC, a committed schoolSustainability and social changeRecognizing the pressing need for action, ESSEC has made ecological and social concerns the cornerstones of its strategy through the Together initiative, launched in October 2020. This comprehensive roadmap enables us to take proactive measures across key areas such as our teaching and research, the transformation of our campus, as well as our governance and operations.Find out moreEntrepreneurship and InnovationBuilding on its long tradition of entrepreneurship, exemplified in the establishment of the ESSEC Ventures incubator in 2000, the school has chosen to further strengthen its ecosystem to foster entrepreneurship and innovation. Leveraging its strong partnerships and network of excellence, ESSEC is able to offer ever more comprehensive programs, educational experiences, and support to students eager to embark on an entrepreneurial adventure.Find out moreData, Technology & Society ESSEC has built an entire ecosystem around its Metalab, the Center for Data, Technology, and Society, aimed at preparing future leaders for the widespread adoption of data technologies. Within this framework, ESSEC is deploying efforts across four key fronts: pioneering innovative educational programs; leveraging technology in research endeavors by our faculty; forging alliances with industrial and public partners; and informing the public conversation on the matter.Find out more Master in Management / Grande École ESSEC’s Master in Management program is designed to train the new generation of responsible leaders. Thanks to the unique flexibility of ESSEC’s pedagogical model, you have the freedom to forge your own academic journey. Find out more Masters & MSc ESSEC’s Masters and MSc programs have a strong professional orientation, rooted in strong ties with the business world and industry experts. Graduates stand out for their specialized expertise and experience.Find out more Advanced Masters Advanced Masters® (MS) are post-Master’s programs, fully accredited by the Conférence des Grandes Ecoles. These courses entail seven to eight months of coursework and four to six months of in-company assignments, offering participants a dual skill set.Find out more Global BBA ESSEC’s Global BBA is a highly-selective four-year undergraduate degree. Highly selective, intensive and demanding, it is designed to prepare students for the business world in diverse and complex environments. Find out more Bachelor Act The Bachelor ACT, a three-year program launched jointly by ESSEC and CY Cergy Paris Université. This new program empowers students to excel in project management in order to drive the ecological, social, and societal transformations to come. Find out moreYou will be redirected to a French page Bachelor HEPTA ESSEC, CentraleSupélec and Sciences Po have joined forces to create a Bachelors degree aimed at high-level athletes who wish to both further their athletic career and pursue a multidisciplinary education. Find out moreYou will be redirected to a French page BSc in AI, Data & Management Sciences The ESSEC-CentraleSupélec Bachelor of Science in Artificial Intelligence Data and Management Sciences (AIDAMS) program offers a unique blend of courses in management, data analysis, and artificial intelligence. Find out more PhD / Programme doctoral ESSEC’s doctoral program (PhD) aims to equip students with the skills needed for pioneering cutting-edge research, and to foster their integration and active participation into the international academic community. Find out moreformation-continue Global MBA Unlock opportunities in your desired industry with ESSEC’s Global MBA, a comprehensive 12-month full-time program, based in France. Participants receive specialized training designed to facilitate a smooth and successful transition into a new career. Find out moreformation-continue Executive MBA ESSEC’s MBA programs are graduate-level programs that cater to experienced professionals seeking to elevate their management skills and fast-track their career progression. Embark on our hybrid, modular or weekend format Executive MBAs, to be completed in just 18 months.Find out moreformation-continue Executive Diplomas Boost your career as a responsible leader thanks to ESSEC’s Executive Diplomas, designed for executives, managers, experts, or leaders aiming to enhance their skills, transition careers, or embark on entrepreneurial ventures. Find out moreformation-continue Certificates & short programs Refine your expertise and unlock your potential with ESSEC Business School’s array of short courses. Discover our certificates and short programs (2 to 6 days) covering a diverse range of key management areas for a rapid and targeted skills development.Find out moreformation-continue Custom programs To support companies in their transformation, ESSEC co-constructs customized programs of the highest caliber. We leverage a proven methodology and top-tier academic expertise to deliver the very best. Find out moreformation-continue ESSEC Online ESSEC Business School offers a range of online programs focusing on digital transformation. Through the school’s Augmented Digital Campus, ESSEC provides an unparalleled and immersive online learning journey. Find out more Become an ESSEC partner Each year, more than 1,000 companies renew their trust in us by committing to the school, actively contributing to the education of our talents and, more broadly, to the life of the institution. This symbiotic relationship between your company and the ESSEC community fosters a sustainable ecosystem, which is beneficial for students, your employer brand as well as your recruitment needs. The Corporate Relations team is committed to building this partnership with you. Find out more Alumni network When you join ESSEC Business School, you also join ESSEC Alumni.Founded in 1923 by a young graduate, ESSEC Alumni stands as one of the largest alumni networks in France. Boasting 71,000 members, this network spans five continents, in over 85 countries. It runs more than 125 chapters around the world, organizing nearly 500 events a year. Find out more'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/url-campus-rabat'}, page_content='Rabat campus - ESSEC Africa || ESSEC Rabat campus ESSEC AfricaOverviewVisit the campusPractical informationHousingPresse reviewRabat campusNamed ESSEC Africa, this new campus is ideally located on the Plage des Nations site in Sidi Bouknadel, in the heart of the Rabat-Salé-Kenitra urban area. It offers a living environment conducive to work and the implementation of pioneering teaching methods. Since 2017, ESSEC Africa has been welcoming both initial students and executive education participants seeking to broaden their horizons and open up to the African continent. Spanning over 6,000m2, the campus is situated in an upscale residential area, just minutes away from the beach and local sports and cultural amenities. With its ideal location, it lies a mere 25-minute drive from Rabat, Kénitra and Rabat-Salé airport. Since its establishment, the ESSEC Africa Campus teams have forged strong bonds with local stakeholders, as well as Moroccan and African political and economic leaders and community representatives, to meet the economic, cultural, and social challenges facing the continent, with a particular focus on fostering connections between Africa, Europe, and Asia. 17 lecture halls, classrooms and work areas 276 students at any one time 6 000 m2 located in the heart of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra urban area Known as the political capital of the Kingdom, Rabat stands out for its quality of life and vibrant urban environment, boasting a harmonious blend of lush green spaces, modern amenities, and architecture fusing tradition and modernity. Moreover, the City of Light is a major academic hub in Morocco, home to renowned institutions such as Mohammed VI Polytechnic University (UM6P), Rabat International University (UIR), Mohammed V University, several prestigious engineering schools, and ESSEC. Rabat is a fast-changing region, at the heart of the Casablanca-Tangiers axis, poised to become the country’s economic powerhouse. It is particularly well connected, thanks to the Rabat-Salé International Airport as well as the high-speed Al Boraq train which provides access to Casablanca in just 45 minutes and Tangiers in 1h20 minutes. Thanks to its human scale, the ESSEC Africa campus is committed to supporting the student experience by providing a range of daily services. A quality catering service is open from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m., offering a diverse selection of Moroccan and international specialities. Additionally, transportation is made easy thanks to shuttles exclusively for ESSEC students and participants, offering convenient access to Rabat’s city centre several times a day, ensuring students can take full advantage of the many activities Rabat has to offer. Alongside our on-campus amenities, such as the gym, the fitness studio, and multi-purpose sports fields, an array of local sports facilities will enrich your experience, including a surf school and 9- and 18-hole golf courses. In addition, themed workshops are regularly conducted on campus. In terms of accommodation, ESSEC Africa provides two student residences located just steps away from the main education building. These residences feature single or double rooms, complete with kitchens and social areas, offering a convenient and comfortable housing option. Modern teaching spaces A central feature of the Rabat campus, the Amphitheatre welcomes entire cohorts of students and participants at various stages of their academic journey: orientation events for the various programs (Global BBA, Master in Management), academic experiences, lectures, as well as signature ESSEC events. This space caters to a wide array of gatherings, and can comfortably accommodate up to 166 people.The campus also has 5 connected classrooms, equipped with digital tools for interactive learning experiences for up to 60 students. Lastly, throughout the campus are a number of cozy work nooks, where students can meet for group projects or workshops.Students and participants have access to a state-of-the-art recording studio, complete with cameras and a control room, facilitating the production of videos and the recording of audio or video content for academic projects, club initiatives, or entrepreneurial projects. And other places dedicated to student life At the heart of campus life lies a vibrant student lounge, providing a laid-back atmosphere, with amenities like TVs, sofas, billiards, foosball, and ping pong tables. Open until midnight daily and on weekends, it is connected to the cafeteria, another bustling hub of social interaction.Complementing this, the ESSEC Africa campus boasts two fitness and weight rooms, and a multi-purpose sports field. It also offers a variety of sporting activities including oriental dance and self-defense classes. Cultural pursuits such as music and singing are also actively encouraged.Since its founding, ESSEC has consistently fostered a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, integrating them into its curriculum, research, and overarching strategy. At the Rabat campus, aspiring entrepreneurs can find support through In-Lab Africa, the continent’s pioneering platform for entrepreneurial initiatives. This platform aims to be a true catalyst for youth entrepreneurship through dedicated entrepreneurship programs and tailored toolkits for African entrepreneurs.Getting to the campus: Plage des Nations، Sidi Bouknadel Salé 11000, Morocco Google Map Accessibility Inaugurated in 2017, the ESSEC Africa campus is equipped with all the facilities required to ensure accessibility for people with disabilities. Eating on campus and eating out Serving from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. every day, our high-quality catering service managed by our provider Sodexo offers a diverse array of Moroccan and international specialties. In addition, regular culinary events and themed meals foster communal experiences and cultural exchange. Along the esplanade of the Plage des Nations, several restaurants and snack bars provide additional dining options for lunch and dinner. Getting around ESSEC students and participants enjoy free shuttle bus services connecting them to Rabat city center multi Female residence 15 bedrooms with two single beds and shared bathroom 10 bedrooms with a single bed and shared bathroom 1 accessible bedroom A fitness room on the 2nd floor A laundromat Male residence 15 bedrooms with two single beds and shared bathroom 10 bedrooms with a single bed and shared bathroom 1 accessible bedroom A weight room on the 2nd floor Close to the campus, the secure Prestigia district also offers a wide range of accommodation choices, including apartments and villas, suitable for both individual and shared living. I have been accepted into a program, how do I apply for housing? Youll need to send an e-mail to residence.rabat@essec.edu, and a housing file will then be sent to you for completion. Once the file has been approved, payment will be made by bank transfer. Is the security deposit fund refundable? The security deposit is refundable subject to the conditions set out in article 24 of the Internal Rules and Regulations. You can request to have it transferred to your preferred bank account, whether domestic or international. Refunds are processed via bank transfer within one month after we receive your bank details. Do minors have priority access to accommodation? Yes, minor students are given priority in the allocation of rooms. I applied for housing but I’m concerned I might not be assigned a room? We do our utmost to respond positively to all applications. Please ensure that you have completed your application thoroughly to facilitate its validation I would like to send or drop off my luggage ahead of time, is that possible? Yes, provided your application has been processed and confirmed. All you have to do is schedule an appointment and come to the residence. You can also ship your luggage by post, ensuring it is delivered during our opening hours, giving us advance notice of the date and time of the scheduled delivery date. Please use the following address Your first name and surnamePlage des Nations — Sidi Bouknadel,Salé 11000, Morocco Please make sure to write your contact details on each suitcase/ package as well as your arrival date. Your belongings will be stored in a secure room and then taken to your future room. Please note that we accept a maximum of two suitcases or boxes, with a size not exceeding 90 cm (height) x 50 cm (width) x 50 cm (depth). Please note: We are not responsible for any luggage or items that are damaged upon arrival. We refuse all taxed packages (customs duties, etc.). Please do not leave any perishable products in your parcels. What does my rent include? Our all-inclusive package covers: water, electricity, heating, maintenance and assistance with all your formalities. This package also includes access to the laundromat, weight and fitness rooms, and other amenities. When will my bank card be debited? To secure a booking, you will be required to provide your credit card details for pre-authorization purposes. However, your card will not be charged at the time of booking. Payment will only be processed once we have confirmed and allocated a room for you. Upon allocation, you will receive a confirmation email indicating that your credit card will be charged in the next five days. Need help? 2023 Press Review Conclusion d’un partenariat stratégique entre Tibu Africa et l’ESSEC (VIDEO)LesEco.ma ESSEC Afrique : un nouveau parcours certifiant avec Pearson TalentLensLesEco.ma Formation des talents: le Maroc comparé aux autres pays (VIDEO)LesEco.ma Enseignement supérieur : les ingrédients pour booster les jeunes talentsLesEco.ma Enseignement supérieur : une réforme des fondamentaux pour une meilleure éducationLesEco.ma 2021 Press Review Télécharger la revue de presse 2021 2019 Press Review L’ESSEC est au Maroc depuis deux ans: Un anniversaire aux rythmes d’activités culturellesSalima Guisser - Aujourd’hui le Maroc Installé au Maroc: Campus ESSEC Afrique souffle sa deuxième bougieMohammed Nafaa - Le Reporter.ma Entreprenathon: L’ESSEC Afrique et l’EMI mettent le cap sur l’innovation et l’entrepreneuriatOuchagour Leila - Aujourd’hui le Maroc L’ESSEC Afrique organise, pour la seconde année consécutive, l’EntreprenathonFinancial Afrik L’ESSEC collabore avec l’EMI et organise l’EntreprenathonPanoraPost.com 2018 Press Review ESSEC Business School souffle sa 1ère bougiePanoraPost.com Lentrepreneuriat en Afrique sinvite au campus de lESSECMariem Tabih, Le matin.ma 2017 Press Review Au Maroc, lESSEC fait le pari de RabatCécile Peltier, Educpros Quand LESSEC prend ses quartiers à RabatHassina Mechaï, LePoint Afrique LESSEC accueille ses premiers étudiantsMohamed Sellam, Le Matin LESSEC Business School inaugure son campus Afrique à RabatTelquel Revivez en image linauguration du campus ESSEC AfriqueEssec.edu LESSEC ouvre ses portes au MarocKarim Handaoui, Challenge 2016 Press Review Les Grandes ambitions de lESSEC en AfriqueAhlam Nazih, Leconomiste LESSEC Business School souvre à lAfrique en sinstallant au MarocKarim Zeindane, Le360Afrique 2015 Press Review LESSEC prépare son implantation au Maroc pour la rentrée 2016Pierre-Olivier Raoud, LusineNouvelle Accord pour limplantation dun campus de lESSEC Business School sur le site Plage des NationsMinistère de la culture et de la communication du Maroc Go further... "LAfrique à besoin de créer de la valeur"Malick Diawara, LePoint Afrique Grandes Ecoles : ces jeunes Français qui ont choisis lAfrique.Viviane Forson, LePoint Afrique Le Maroc mise sur les grandes écoles françaises pour former ses élitesGhalia Kadiri, LemondeAfrique Maroc, les grandes écoles françaises à lassaut du royaumeGeopolis Lenseignement supérieur en Afrique : états des lieux et défisLAfriqueDesIdées Le Maroc, hub de la formation universitaire en Afrique ?2ma Lenseignement supérieur au Maroc suscite un fort engouement étrangerESSEC Knowledge LAfrique et innovation socialeIsabelle Hennebelle, LExpress Lentrepreneuriat social, vecteur de développement en Afrique du NordESSEC Knowledge'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/programme/bachelor-act'}, page_content='Bachelor ACT – Apprendre à conduire les transitions || ESSEC Bachelor ACT Le Bachelor ACT est une nouvelle formation Bac +3, délivrant un grade de licence, lancée par l’ESSEC et CY Cergy Paris Université. Pluridisciplinaire et fondée sur une pédagogie active et une approche par compétences, son objectif est de permettre aux étudiants de maîtriser la conduite de projets au service des transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales. Admission Parcoursup Pour les étudiants de terminale et les titulaires du baccalauréat français.En savoir plus Admission Internationale Pour les titulaires dun High School Degree (GCE A-Level, IB ou baccalauréat national) avec un niveau B2 en français.En savoir plus'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/url-campus-la-defense'}, page_content='Paris / La Défense campus || ESSEC Paris La Défense campus ESSEC Executive Education OverviewVisit CampusUseful informationParis La Défense campus ESSEC Business Schools Paris-La Défense Campus, located inside the CNIT building, is home to participants in the schools continuing education programs. It is easily accessible and enables our talents to effortlessly balance their professional life with learning. We know that your time is valuable. Thats why we chose the Paris La Défense business district to be the place for you to learn. Thanks to a well-connected public transport network, you can reach the campus from Paris and its suburbs, Paris-Charles de Gaulle airport, the provinces or abroad. The campus is designed to accommodate your needs and allow you to study in an optimal environment. Paris La Défense, Europes leading business district More than 180,000 people work in what is one of the worlds largest business districts. With some 500 companies, including the headquarters of the largest listed companies on the French CAC 40 stock market index, as well as SMEs and start-ups, the Paris La Défense business district offers more than 3.85 million m2 of office and coworking space. The neighborhood also has housing and retail facilities with one of the largest shopping centers in Europe, Westfield Les 4 Temps. There are more than 150 restaurants, not forgetting the food trucks that you can find on the plaza, a huge space where you can have lunch, grab a coffee or have a break in the open air. Find out more about the Paris La Défense business districtSo that you can study in the best possible conditions, our Paris-La Défense Campus has various spaces dedicated to teaching, ranging from classrooms to small group work areas.In the campus atrium, you can also attend regular business-related conferences featuring leading experts. A good way to establish links between the classroom, your professional project and the business world.Find out more about our Executive programsLecture hallsIndividual and group work spacesAn patio for events and conferences How to get to the campus CNIT Paris La Défense 2 place de La Défense 92800 Puteaux Public transportation RER A - La Défense stop Transilien - Line L - La Défense stop Metro - Line 1 towards La Défense Grande Arche - La Défense stop See itinerary More information on the accessibility of the Paris La Defense campus On-campus food service with a cafeteria open Monday through Saturday offers sandwiches, salads, drinks. Two self-service coffee areas A large number of restaurants offer a variety of food both in the CNIT building, as well as in the 4 Temps shopping center or via food trucks on the plaza. The price per meal for students is capped at €3.15. All you need to do is show your ESSEC student card. There are four subsidized CROUS restaurants near the campu Other services available on campus to facilitate your life between learning and working Phone charging stations Luggage storage space'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/recherche'}, page_content='ESSEC 0 resultats'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/url-campus-paris-cergy'}, page_content='Paris / Cergy campus || ESSEC Paris Cergy Campus FrancePresentationVisit the campusPractical informationHousingParis Cergy CampusLocated just 35 minutes from the center of Paris and a few minutes from the Cergy-Préfecture RER station, ESSECs Paris Cergy Campus is a place specifically designed for student life. This campus is primarily devoted to full-time education, a perfect place for studying, and more! The city of Cergy is well connected to public transportation (25 min to international airport, several train stations and bus lines in addition to the RER line), and offers a wide range of cultural and sporting activities and numerous green spaces. ESSEC Business Schools historic campus is driven by innovation and is resolutely forward-looking, thanks to the schools ambitious "Campus 2023" project which will make it a place to live and study worthy of the highest international standards. 101 Lecture halls, classrooms and small group work spaces (called “bubbles”) 6 000 Of total student capacity 60 000 m² Of total surface area Located in the heart of the second-largest university hub of the Île-de-France region with over 25,000 students, the dynamic city of Cergy offers a great quality of life. After classes at ESSEC, you will be able to enjoy a pleasant environment and a host of activities.Nearby, you will find: five theaters, one of which was awarded the “national stage” label, and a music conservatoire, numerous performance venues, multiplex cinemas, national festivals (Cergy Soit, Jazz au fil de lOise, Festival Baroque, etc.) and a multitude of sports facilities (swimming pools, ice rink, golf course, etc.). Plenty to do in your spare time.Nature lovers will enjoy Cergy’s location in the countryside, opening onto 2,000ha of green spaces, a regional nature conservation area and 20km of riverbanks along the Oise River.For shopping, one of the region’s largest malls, Les Trois Fontaines, is just a few minutes walking distance from the campus. The mall, which was renovated in 2022, features numerous stores and a brand new food court.©Gregory Cerou Because life on campus is not limited to the classroom, the Paris Cergy Campus offers a rich and lively student life. The many clubs operating on the campus host numerous events and activities that promote multicultural interaction, and for good reason: ESSECs international students account for over 40% of the total student body. With students from all over the world, over 100 different nationalities are proudly represented.It is in this cosmopolitan context that, over the years, successive classes of ESSEC students have founded and managed more than 100 student organizations with a wide variety of themes: sports; culture; humanitarian; international; or community-oriented. These student organizations are the heartbeat of the campus and student life at ESSEC. They organize conferences, festive events, trips, tournaments, concerts, plays, community-driven initiatives, to name just a few of the many events you will get the opportunity to discover throughout the academic year. Getting involved in one or more student organizations will be a great way for you to grow, both personally and professionally. Student organizations Redesigning traffic flow for a green and eco-responsible campus Full pedestrianization of the campus; The establishment of green spaces and trees contributing to biodiversity; Landscaping the campus for continuity with the François-Mitterrand Park; The development of soft mobility; The provision of charging stations for electric vehicles; The optimization of rooftops at the center of the campus. Establishing a new Sports & Recreation Center shared with the local community A brand new, two-story, multi-purpose sports center, to meet the needs of students: a 1,300m² sports hall; a 120m² climbing wall; two 200m² multi-sports halls; and a rooftop tennis court. It will be wrapped in a glass shell looking onto the park, with direct access via the park to enable access by local sports clubs.Transforming the “historical” administrative Tower into the Research Green Tower, which will be exemplary in its bioclimatic designDriven by a willingness to set an example in its design, this space will be profoundly transformed to become an eco-responsible and eco-sufficient building. It will be completely reorganized to promote rigorous, relevant, experimental and multidisciplinary academic research based on flexible, agile and user-friendly spaces. In particular, it will feature dedicated spaces for international research seminars, thesis rooms, and new work spaces for professor-researchers and doctoral students.Establishing the Pierre Nanterme Center for Responsible Leadership, which includes new innovative educational spacesTwo stories of educational spaces designed to meet the needs of tomorrow: versatility; modularity; multi-campus courses; integration of pedagogical digital innovations, etc. Ground floor: 700m² devoted to the Enlightening Entrepreneurship pillar First floor: 700m² devoted to new teaching methods The building is designed to accommodate two additional floors, in order to meet future developments.A symbol of ESSEC’s Paris Cergy Campus, the Grand Amphitheatre lecture hall welcomes entire cohorts of students at various stages of their academic journey: onboarding at the start of the academic year for the school’s various programs (Global BBA, MiM, Masters, etc.); academic experiences; lectures, etc. It also hosts numerous ESSEC and student association events. It can accommodate up to 500 people.The Paris Cergy Campus has a total of 29 different-sized lecture halls, which are used for courses, conferences, etc. The largest of these are called “PAs”. There are 10 such lecture halls, most often tiered, with the largest ones accommodating up to 100 students. All are equipped with video-conferencing equipment. ESSEC Ventures, an incubator in the heart of the campus bringing students entrepreneurial projects to lifeSince it was founded, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, placing these values at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices.The Cergy campus offers a unique space for supporting students in their entrepreneurial ventures: the ESSEC Ventures incubator. Our goal is to guide and advise you throughout your studies at ESSEC.Since its launch in 2000, the ESSEC Ventures incubator has supported nearly 500 business projects. Find out more The Dôme: a versatile space The Dôme is ESSEC’s multipurpose hall. With a capacity of 2,400 standing places for special celebrations, it is used as an examination room for the competitive entry exams and as a dance floor during the yearly La Nuit de lESSEC campus-wide party.And other recreation and entertainment spacesAfter a day of hard work, visit the ESSEC cafeteria to grab a refreshment and relax. Or you might prefer to visit the clubs corridor to get a feel for the school’s associative life.Getting to the campus 3 avenue Bernard Hirsch 95021 Cergy-Pontoise Public transportation Transilien lines H or J, Cergy-Préfecture station RER A, destination: Cergy Le Haut - Cergy-Préfecture station Bus lines: 95-19, 95-20, N150 See itineraryIn 2009, ESSEC entrusted Accesmétrie with an accessibility diagnosis of the Paris Cergy Campus. The historic buildings, which were built in the 1970s, were brought up to the accessibility standards for establishments open to the public (disabled access elevators, etc.). The more recent buildings, built in the 2000s, were already built to current standards and are equipped with all necessary facilities to ensure our campus is accessible to all. Since then, regular improvements have been made, such as the addition of tactile paving and tactile strips on stairs, and the installation of low mirrors in certain washrooms. The improvement of the accessibility of the campus is an integral part of the requirements for new construction projects, for instance for the Campus 2023 project. On-campus dining services The Coffee Shop, open Monday to Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. The Canteen for staff, open Monday to Friday, 11:30 a.m. to 1:45 p.m. The Food Hall for students, open Monday to Friday from 11:30am to 2:00pm Le Club, restaurant available by reservation only, open Monday to Friday from 12:00 to 14:30 Access to all the subsidized CROUS restaurants, brasseries and cafeterias throughout Cergy Pontoise The price per meal for students is capped at €3.15. All you need to do is show your ESSEC student card. There are four subsidized CROUS restaurants near the campus «Le Parc» 5, avenue du Parc - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Opening hours : 11:30 am- 1:30 pm «Saint-Christophe» Site universitaire de Saint-Christophe 49, rue des Genottes - 95024 Cergy-Pontoise 11:30 am - 1:30 pm «Saint-Martin» Site universitaire de Saint Martin 2, rue Adolphe Chauvin - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Restaurant : 11:30 - 13:30 / Cafeteria : 9:00 - 14:00 «Les chênes» 33, boulevard du Port - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Cafeteria : 8 am - 4 pm / Brasserie : 11:30 - 2 pm In Cergy-Pontoise, ESSEC offers four student residences so you can enjoy all the benefits of campus life in an international, friendly and dynamic environment. ALEGESSEC (Association pour le Logement des Étudiants du Groupe ESSEC) provides housing for one out of every four ESSEC students and more than 84% of them are international students. Each residence has its own unique atmosphere, from the multicultural atmosphere of the Hauts-de-Cergy residence to the atypical design and comfort of Le Port. A total of 1,093 rooms, studios and apartments are available close to the campus and equipped with quality services and all the amenities you need to make life easier. You choose whether you prefer to live alone in a single studio, with a roommate in a double studio, or apply for an apartment for couples. Flyer Rules and regulations Q&A How to book a room? As soon as you receive your B00xxxx identifier, you will be able to access the ALEGESSEC online portal from your “myessec” space to submit your housing application: https://housing.alegessec.fr/authenticate External students should contact us by email (alegessec-gestion@essec.edu) or by phone (+33 (0) 1 34 20 60 00) “The Le Parc residence is much more than just a place to live: its an opportunity to open up to a new family, with people potentially from all over the world! I was afraid that I would lose all my bearings living alone. But I had no need to be afraid: with all my roommates, we learned to live together, to accept one another and make the most of our cultural differences!"Émilie Ung-SunGlobal BBA - France“What I appreciate about the Le Port residence is the level of comfort of the rooms, which are spacious and cozy, as well as the fact that the residence is rather quiet. Also, it is close to ESSEC (10 minutes maximum by foot) so you still feel part of the campus life.”David JamiMaster in Management – France“I chose Linandes for its value for money. The bus stop nearby allows for a quick and easy commute between the residence and ESSEC, the Cergy RER station and the Trois Fontaines shopping mall.”Eadwin-Dean ChehdlGlobal BBA - FranceHow to apply? For all students Apply for the APL on the CAF website, ONLY AFTER YOU HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE KEYS TO YOUR ACCOMMODATION, following the procedure sent to you on the day you were given the keys. If you previously received APL for another accommodation, you must contact your former CAF to inform them of your new address and they will guide you through the necessary steps. A bank account number from a French bank (RIB) is required. For French nationals The APL cannot be combined with the family allowance from the CAF. For international students For students from outside the European Community, a student visa or residence permit is required. The validity dates of the residence permit must cover the period of occupancy. Eligibility for APLs is based on the type of visa, but not the duration of the visa. Required: your birth certificate and its translation into French stamped by the French embassy or consulate in your home country. Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/program-phd'}, page_content='PhD Program || ESSEC PhD Program Language English Duration Minimum of 4 years – Full time Next Intake September 1st, 2024 Location France (Cergy) Concentration(s) 7 concentrationsBrochureApplyBrochure Applycontact OverviewProgramConcentrationsStudent ProfilesAdmissionsResearch TrackPhD ProgramWe invite you to discover our doctoral degree programs in Business Administration and Economics and the opportunities they can offer you. The ESSEC PhD Program prepares you to play an active role in the international academic community and to develop research at the cutting edge. Learn more about our different concentrations and specializations and about the privileged conditions ESSEC is offering its doctoral candidates. ESSEC Business School is consistently ranked as one of the best business schools in Europe, with several of its Masters programs are ranked in the Top 5 worldwide (at the time of this writing: #4 in Finance, #4 in Business Analytics, #4 in Marketing Management, #3 in Strategy, #6 in Management). Its proximity to the Paris business hub and its reputation in executive education (ranked #5 in the world for its customized programs) also contribute to a vibrant atmosphere in constant contact with the business world. Our faculty is world-renowned, highly international, and deeply committed to research and mentoring young scholars. Under their guidance, you will learn to ask insightful questions and design and execute studies that provide rigorous and creative answers. Because top-notch research requires a true commitment free of financial worries, ESSEC Business School offers full-tuition scholarships and a tax-free stipend covering living expenses so that, from day one, you can focus entirely on your research. Unlike many schools, that tuition is not conditional on teaching for the first four years. It also offers the possibility of obtaining, at the same time as the PhD, a French doctorate. Knowledge of French is neither required nor expected to join the program. We are looking for bright, motivated young people from around the world, from a variety of disciplinary backgrounds, aiming to become academics at excellent universities and business schools. I invite you to undertake the PhD journey in our school. Arnaud De Bruyn, Professor, Associate Dean of ESSEC PhD Program Education label controlled by theFrench State ESSEC PhD Program is supportedby CY Initiative This project is supported byFrance 2030 Please read our yearly Newsletters Please read our yearly Newsletters Newsletter #11 Newsletter #10 Newsletter #9 Newsletter #8 Newsletter #7 Newsletter #6 Newsletter #5 Newsletter #4 Newsletter #3 Newsletter #2 Newsletter #1 The goal of the ESSEC PhD Program is to prepare you for cutting-edge research and create the conditions for your integration into and active involvement in an international academic community. Our program is full-time, entirely in English and it meets the highest international standards. Advance Your Career with the MS BAR – Master of Science in Business Administration Research at ESSEC Business School before pursuing with a PhD Excel in Business Administration Research with the MS BAR at ESSEC** The Mastère Spécialisé® in Business Administration Research (MS BAR) at ESSEC Business School is a prestigious program designed to equip you with advanced research expertise in business administration. Conducted entirely in English and meeting the highest international standards, this full-time program sets the stage for rigorous academic and intellectual growth. Throughout this two-year journey, you will immerse yourself in a curriculum that blends theoretical depth with practical research skills. Under the guidance of ESSEC’s distinguished faculty, you will engage with cutting-edge methodologies and explore complex business challenges within a global context. The MS BAR is more than an academic program—it is a gateway to scholarly excellence. Students who complete this program master advanced research techniques, develop profound analytical capabilities, and achieve a comprehensive understanding of the business world. This transformative experience prepares graduates to stand out as thought leaders in academia and beyond. We are offering seven concentrations: Accounting and Auditing, Data Analytics, Economics, Finance, Management with specialized tracks (Organizational Behavior, Strategy, Entrepreneuship, Digitalization and Information Systems and Management Control), Marketing, Operations Management and Operations Research Ph.D. Concentration Possible Specializations in that Ph.D. Concentration Supervized by Professors in… Accounting & Auditing Empiral Financial Accounting, International Financial Reporting, Auditing, Financial Statement Analysis, Organizational and Social Aspects of Accounting Accounting & Management Control Data Analytics Data Analytics Information Systemes, Decision Sciences & Statistics Economics Industrial Organization, International Economics (micro or macro), Public Economics Economics Finance Asset Pricing and Investments, Corporate Finance, Financial Econometrics, Market Microstructure, Risk Management Finance Management Management Control Accounting & Management Control Strategy, Organization Behavior, Entrepreneurship Management Digitalization and Information Systems Information Systems, Decision Sciences & Statistics Marketing Marketing Analytics, Consumer Behavior, Strategy, Consumer Culture Theory Marketing Operations Management & Operations Research Operations Research Operations Management Operations Management We believe that quality research in business administration and economics demands both discipline specialization at the cutting-edge and a broad intellectual inscription with wide-ranging understanding and perspective. Only this kind of combination can generate and nurture truly innovative and relevant research. Our program fosters an interest for issues of current concern in our complex transnational business and economic world. The research developed in the Program is both theoretical and empirical – and we acknowledge the importance of scientific rigor as well as the necessity to be empirically relevant. The ESSEC PhD Program values a community approach to research. As you enter the program, you become a junior member of our international and vibrant community of lead researchers. We also create the opportunity for you to join in the broad international academic debates of your discipline as early as possible by encouraging and supporting participation in conferences and workshops and periods of stay in one of our many partner Universities and schools.The ESSEC PhD Program has two phases. The first two years is an intense period of coursework where you will be given the opportunity both to acquire a well-rounded and wide-ranging intellectual training and to deepen knowledge and mastery of your specialized field. General Requirement Courses: They provide you with an overview of the different fields of business administration and of the various epistemologies and methodological tools available. This endows our students with a unique interdisciplinary perspective and with broad-based methodological competencies. Specialized courses and seminars: These courses provide you with in-depth theoretical and methodological knowledge fitted to your concentration and area of specialization. They are tailored to give you access to current state-of-the-art research in your particular field of specialization. After the successful completion of the first two years of the program and of preliminary exams, students are awarded an Advanced Master in Business Administration Research (MS BAR). You then enter the second phase of the PhD Program. Dissertation Proposal: You will work with one or two ESSEC professors who will guide and direct your research. You should validate your Dissertation proposal in January of your third year. Dissertation Defense: It is expected to take place by the end of the fourth year. You will be working closely with your supervisor(s) with tight inscription in the broader intellectual community of your concentration and beyond. ESSEC boasts a top-level international Faculty that is deeply committed to research. When you enter our Program, you join an intellectually vibrant community that is connected across the world to a broad network of scholars and institutions. Our Faculty members hold PhDs or Doctoral Degrees from the best Universities in the world.Many members in our Faculty have an international reputation in their discipline and field – hence contributing to the brand name and international reputation of ESSEC. ESSEC Business School is a leading global business school (ranked #4 for its MiM Program by the Financial Times), with a double accreditation (AACSB and Equis) and two main campuses – one outside Paris and the other in Singapore.Accounting and Auditing, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Operations and Data Analytics, Management with specialized tracks – OB/HR, Strategy, Entrepreneuship, Information Systems and Management Control. Accounting and Auditing The ESSEC PhD program in Accounting and Auditing (A&A) is devoted to training doctoral candidates to conduct research at the highest level on questions (...) Read more Data Analytics The ESSEC PhD program in Data Analytics, launched in 2022, provides doctoral training with advanced courses and research opportunities in (...) Read more Economics "We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance." John Archibald Wheeler (...) Read more Finance "Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that (...) Read more Management ESSEC’s PhD program in Management applies social science disciplines and research methods to management problems. It prepares students for (...) Read more Marketing The ESSEC PhD program in Marketing is devoted to training doctoral candidates to conduct rigorous and high impact research in a dynamic business environment (...) Read more Operations Management and Operations Research Operations Management & Operations Research (OM/OR) is an interdisciplinary concentration of ESSEC Business School PhD (...) Read more Direct access to student profiles per concentration : Job Market Accounting and Auditing Data Analytics Economics Finance Management Marketing Operations Management & Operations Research Economics Raphael GOMES DE OLIVEIRA Since 2020 My main research interests are social welfare and individual and collective decision-making. Personal website Economics Rajarshi GHOSH Since 2019 I am interested in microeconomic theory, especially game theory and the game theoretic reasons for the existence of todays social and economic institutions. I am also interested in market failures, market design, and the economics of incentives. Personal website CV Management Anna KRAVCHENKO Since 2020 My dissertation research engages with the topic of institutional work to address grand challenges. I am interested in how organizations work across fields, how specific characteristics of meta-organizations shape their institutional work, and how organizations form alliances to tackle grand challenges through political work. My approach to these questions is based on qualitative and conceptual research. Operations and Data Sciences Yuanyuan LI Since 2020 Research interests:• Large scale problem solving• The integration between OR and Machine Learning• Building bridge between theoretical study and practical usage Personal website Economics Xin LONG Since 2019 My research interests lie in international economics and macroeconomics, especially topics related to monetary policies. Personal website Accounting and Auditing Hao MA Since 2020 My primary research interests lie in labor and accounting, auditing, disclosure, and financial analysts. Personal website Economics Mélanie MARTEN Since 2019 Microeconometrics and policy evaluation, environmental economics. Personal website Management Shubham SINGH Since 2019 I am a sixth-year PhD candidate in strategy at ESSEC Business School. My research interests include stakeholder strategy, non-market strategy, corporate social responsibility, corporate sustainability and shareholder activism. LinkedIn profile Personal website Finance Mo WANG Since 2019 My research interests focus on empirical asset pricing, machine learning, and large language models. Personal website CV Accounting and Auditing Jong Hyuk LEE Since 2023 My research interest is centered on understanding ESG and fraud detection. I am particularly focused on employing statistical methods, including structural modeling and machine learning. Accounting and Auditing Yilan LI Since 2022 My current research interest lies in the combination of Machine Learning and Accounting Research. There are two aspects I would like to explore in the future:(1) using machine learning techniques to convert unstructured data into structured data and(2) detecting the consequences of the use of machine learning in capital market Accounting and Auditing Hao MA Since 2020 My primary research interests lie in labor and accounting, auditing, disclosure, and financial analysts. Personal website Accounting and Auditing Hui TAN Since 2021 My research interest lies in financial accounting and corporate governance. Data Analytics Lihan FANG Since 2022 My research mainly focuses on Reinforcement Learning, Machine Learning, and Computational Statistics. Data Analytics Vahe KARAGULYAN Since 2023 My research interest is around high-dimensional statistics Data Analytics El Mahdi KHRIBCH Since 2022 My research interests are Bayesian nonparametric methods with an emphasis on Monte Carlo Methods, unbiased estimation, and PAC Bayesian bounds. Data Analytics Patrick TANG Since 2019 - Public Economics Omar AL HUMSI Since 2022 I am interested in Public Economics, Labor Economics, and Macroeconomics. Economics Maxime BERROU Since 2020 My research focuses on the interaction between public policy and globalization. My current project is empirical and aims at estimating the effects of trade liberalization and labor market regulations on the informal sector in India. LinkedIn profile International Economics Zijun CHENG Since 2022 My current research interest is in International Trade. More precisely, the spatial productivity difference between different countries. Another research area of interest is macroeconomics, especially in the business cycle and inflation index generation. LinkedIn profile Economics Mahaut DE VILLENEUVE BARGEMON Since 2020 I am interested in theoretical Environmental Economics. Economics Rajarshi GHOSH Since 2019 I am interested in microeconomic theory, especially game theory and the game theoretic reasons for the existence of todays social and economic institutions. I am also interested in market failures, market design, and the economics of incentives. Personal website CV Economics Raphael GOMES DE OLIVEIRA Since 2020 My main research interests are social welfare and individual and collective decision-making. Personal website Economics Mohammad LASHKARBOLOOKIE Since 2020 I am interested in microeconomics theory, specially, game theory and its applications in information economics and Industrial organization. Economics Shuying LIU Since 2023 My current research interest lies in the intersection of microeconomic theory, information economics and industrial organization within the realm of digital markets. Economics Xin LONG Since 2019 My research interests lie in international economics and macroeconomics, especially topics related to monetary policies. Personal website Economics Haoyu LUO Since 2023 My interest research is in spatial economics and labor market. Economics Zipeng MA Since 2020 My research interest lies in two main fields: Macroeconomics, Monetary Policy and Financial economics; Also, Development economics and Environment economics. Economics Mélanie MARTEN Since 2019 Microeconometrics and policy evaluation, environmental economics. Personal website Public Economics Mira SERHAL Since 2022 I am interested in family and gender economics, economics of education, and environmental economics. Economics Ke SHI Since 2021 I am interested in gender economics, environmental economics and public economics. Economics Jean TOUPOUVOGUI Since 2022 Interested in issues of international macroeconomics such as debt crises due to uncertainty shocks and the challenges of international finance and trade in a multipolarized world that threatens both the hegemony of the dollar and the role of Bretton Woods institutions, such as the IMF, as lender of last resort for economies at risk of bankruptcy. Economics Xiaowei ZHANG Since 2019 My research interests are Labor Economics, Environmental Economics and Development Economics. Finance Huilin HUANG Since 2021 My current research interests lie in the fields of asset pricing, behavioral finance and climate finance. Google scholar profile Finance Hélène IUNG-MATHURIN Since 2018 My research interests lie in the fields of theoretical macro-finance, asset pricing, machine learning and climate finance. Personal website Finance Dailei LIU Since 2023 My research interest lies in the field of financial econometrics, banking finance and household finance. It may be changed several months later. Finance Wenliang MIN Since 2023 My research interests lie in the field of empirical asset pricing, machine learning and green finance. LinkedIn profile Finance Menglong NA Since 2020 I am working on the intersection between sustainable finance, asset pricing and behavioural finance. I am interested in studying the how investors sentiment and preference affects ESG asset prices. Personal website Finance Rachel PAYA Since 2022 Broadly speaking, my research interest lies in the fields of environmental and financial economics. In particular, I focus on the behaviour of firms regarding corporate investment decisions in the context of the ecological transition and the public policies able to influence those decisions. Finance Roya SOLTANI Since 2021 I am interested in empirical research within various topics in the areas of innovation, entrepreneurial finance, corporate finance, and industrial organization. Finance Mo WANG Since 2019 My research interests focus on empirical asset pricing, machine learning, and large language models. Personal website CV Management Arushi AGGARWAL Since 2022 I am interested in exploring decision-making within organizations as a function of the actors social interactions (or networks). Furthermore, I am also keen to understand the dynamics of status, power as well as identity within these contexts. Management, Information Systems Saideh ALAEI Since 2021 Exploring the fascinating intersection of technology and society, my main research project reveals the dual impact of national digital initiatives aimed at bridging the digital divide on the social sustainability outcomes of countries and firms. I aim for a harmonious balance between technological progress and social sustainability aspects such as individual well-being, equitable opportunities, and cohesive social networks. Alongside, my journey ventures into the realm of innovation, where I discuss the potential of machines to assist designers in creating products that attract consumers. For these projects, I employ econometrics and computational methods to illuminate technologys nuanced role in modern society. Management Yosra ALEAHMAD Since 2019 I am a 5th-year Ph.D. Candidate in Management Control at ESSEC Business School in France. My research focuses on management controls and gender; aiming to uncover the ways in which management controls contribute to the persistence of gender inequality. Additionally, my work investigates what shapes accounting calculative techniques. Contact me Management Abhay BHARGAVA Since 2022 My research interests lie at the intersection of creativity & innovation, driven by AI and new technologies. This includes their design and implementation. I have authored a book “Creativity Secrets: Creativity & innovation Secrets for Design, Art, and Business” based on my several creativity and innovation experiences that include bringing new innovative technologies to market in the US as a consultant and a serial entrepreneur. Management Control Federica BRAGAGNOLO Since 2023 My research lies at the intersection of management and accounting. I am interested in studying the readiness of organisations to engage in changes within their accounting workflows and procedures. Further analysis will include the study of the social (i.e., organisational employees and executives) and technological (i.e., incremental innovations of cloud computing, Optical Character Recognition, Robotic Process Automation or more breakthrough innovations such as blockchain based Accounting Information System or smart contracts) components shaping the phenomenon. Management, Information Systems Ali KIAEI Since 2023 Driven by a fascination with science and mathematics, my journey in Mechanical Engineering began. During my Bachelors, I excelled in national-level RoboCup competitions, which fueled my passion for innovation. This led me to engage in design and simulation projects during my Masters in Mechanical Engineering. Professionally, my path has spanned diverse industries, including automotive and mining equipment maintenance. In these sectors, I have contributed to various tasks ranging from product development engineering to creating platforms that enhance machinery uptime through user feedback. As I embark on a PhD in Information Systems, my focus is on harnessing AI for design and innovation. Management Anna KRAVCHENKO Since 2020 My dissertation research engages with the topic of institutional work to address grand challenges. I am interested in how organizations work across fields, how specific characteristics of meta-organizations shape their institutional work, and how organizations form alliances to tackle grand challenges through political work. My approach to these questions is based on qualitative and conceptual research. Management, Organizational Behavior Taeho KWAK Since 2021 His research focuses on how the interdependence between subunits of an organization shapes the ways in which solutions for localized problems are discovered and implemented. Taeho uses computational modeling as his primary research method, alongside other methodologies such as lab experiments. Management Control George Boyang LI Since 2023 My current research interest lies in applying psychological theories and behavioural economic theories in management accounting and control topics by using experimental (lab/field) methods. Key areas include performance measurement systems, forecasting, budgetary processes, and motivations behind employee misbehaviour (e.g. collusion). LinkedIn profile Management, Information Systems Mengyue LIU Since 2023 My research interest lies in user behaviors under digital transformation and innovation, especially how the digital era reshapes users identification, decision-making, and interaction patterns. Management, Organizational Behavior Evgeny NIVA Since 2021 I am interested in a wide array of topics related to group dynamics, interaction rituals, microsociology of creativity, individual and team mindfulness. Management, Strategy Dong Nghi PHAM Since 2018 Dong-Nghi Pham is a 5th-year Ph.D. Candidate in Management at ESSEC Business School in France. Her research focuses on the micro-foundations of organizational learning. In her Ph.D. dissertation, Dong Nghi investigates how intra-organizational learning shapes and is shaped by:(1) organizational politics,(2) organizational design,(3) the shift to remote work, and(4) the replacement of human capital.Because of the complex, emergent nature of these issues, Dong Nghi uses computational modeling as her primary research method, along with a particular enthusiasm for machine-learning approaches. Management Yiran QUE Since 2022 My interest in research is digital transformation influence and process in corporate level/ new technologies adoption in corporate and individual levels/the function and network effect of digital platforms. Management Shubham SINGH Since 2019 I am a sixth-year PhD candidate in strategy at ESSEC Business School. My research interests include stakeholder strategy, non-market strategy, corporate social responsibility, corporate sustainability and shareholder activism. LinkedIn profile Personal website Management, Strategy Marselia TAN Since 2022 My main research interest are broadly on 1) nascent industry (the collaborative and/or competitive dynamics between entrepreneurial ventures and non-market stakeholders in shaping the new industrys legitimation) as well as on 2) (de)stigmatization process across levels of analysis (e.g. individual, occupational, organizational, industry category). I use qualitative research approaches to investigate underexplored organizational phenomena. LinkedIn profile Management, Strategy Matthias TRÖBINGER Since 2020 My research explores how crowds engage in distributed problem-solving and innovation. I am interested in understanding (1) how resource seekers can coordinate with crowds to leverage their support and (2) what governance interventions enhance crowd decision-making processes. To explore these questions, I employ qualitative methods and experiments. LinkedIn profile Management, Organizational Behavior Helen Tsz Ching TSUI Since 2023 My research investigates the emotion regulation of female leaders. I am interested in studying how beliefs about the emotions displayed by leaders and females shape the way female leaders regulate their own emotions, and how this consequently influences their well-being. LinkedIn profile Management, Organizational Behavior Aleksey TYULYUPO Since 2020 My research interests revolve around online labor markets as a part of the platform economy. Having done some research with digital traces from online labor markets , I am now trying to overcome the self-imposed limitation of a single data source and platform. In doing so, I intend, first, to embed the view of online labor markets into the broader economy and, second, use them as the empirical ground to advance social theory. For instance, I am interested in questions like:• Can quality labor force at online markets be self-reproducible, or is it bound to only replete with retirees, outcasts and escapists from the office?• How do market matching processes change in the new informational environments, such as those of online labor markets? Management Chuning XIAO Since 2022 I am interested in a range of topics related to decentralization, organizational adaptation and organizational identity, especially in the context of creative industries. Management, Strategy Zipeng ZHENG Since 2023 My research interest is currently anchored in the domain of corporate strategy, with a particular focus on how digital technologies reshape traditional business models and facilitate novel pathways for value creation. I am also interested in exploring the strategic complementarities between firms and their complementors to enhance innovation capabilities and market competitiveness. Marketing Madhav ARORA Since 2020 My research interest lies in the domain of emotions and decision-making. I explore how different emotions affect consumer goals and their choices. Marketing Haofan CHEN Since 2023 My research interest revolves around consuming atmosphere and queer consumption. Currently interested in combining queer theory and CCT to explore how consumer culture shapes and is shaped by the fluidity of gender and sex from a non Western perspective. LinkedIn profile Marketing Mohammadhesam HAJIGHASEMI Since 2021 As a consumer behavior researcher, my focus revolves around investigating the relationship between humans and artificial intelligence, as well as emerging technologies like NFTs and blockchain. I am passionate about uncovering how these innovations transform consumer perceptions, influence decision-making behaviors, and ultimately generate value for both consumers and businesses. Marketing Lina OECHSNER Since 2021 My research focuses on creating insights from user-generated content with the help of machine learning, natural language processing or image mining. LinkedIn profile Marketing Anjana RAJMOHAN Since 2023 I am interested in CCT-oriented research with a focus on sustainability and climate change. LinkedIn profile Marketing Danhan WANG Since 2020 Bayesian statistics, sales forcasting using behavioral and transaction data to understand and predict future purchasing activities. Marketing Pujith Niel WOOD Since 2023 My research is centered on examining morality and deception within the context of consumer psychology, integrating insights from marketing, social psychology, and philosophy. I employ experiments to unravel the nuanced ways in which ethical considerations shape consumer behaviors. Additionally, I enjoy exploring decision-making and purchase behavior in immersive and virtual retail environments. LinkedIn profile Marketing Wenze ZHAO Since 2021 I have enjoyed marketings interdisciplinary nature with an extensive reach. Methodologically, I am interested in quantitative modelling and machine learning. Substantively, I am currently interested in social media and online advertising. Operations and Data Sciences Yerlan KUZBAKOV Since 2018 Application of operational research methods in various fields such as supply chain management, pricing, demand and supply management, and production management. Operations and Data Sciences Yuanyuan LI Since 2020 Research interests:• Large scale problem solving• The integration between OR and Machine Learning• Building bridge between theoretical study and practical usage Personal website Operations and Data Sciences Minakshi Punam MANDAL Since 2018 My main interests are in optimization methodologies, robust modeling, stochastic and dynamic programming and decision making under uncertainty that can be applied to operations research and risk management. Operations Management & Operations Research Sara MESRAR Since 2022 I am a software engineer with nine years of corporate experience. During this time, Ive played a pivotal role in assisting clients in leveraging technology and data to enhance operational excellence. Furthermore, my background in strategic consulting has provided me with a profound understanding of organizational dynamics, exposing me to global challenges, including issues such as Climate Change. These combined experiences have equipped me with the skills necessary to address intricate real-world problems situated at the crossroads of sustainability and operations.My research interest is driven by a desire to explore innovative approaches for integrating sustainability into the fabric of operational decision-making. My goal is to develop advanced models that empower businesses not only to thrive economically but also to make positive contributions to the environment and society at large. Operations Management & Operations Research Moein QAISARI HASAN ABADI Since 2023 My research interests are Applied Optimization, Sustainability, Supply Chain Management, and Robustness & Resilience. Operations and Data Sciences Shaghayegh RAMEZANPOUR SHALMANI Since 2020 My research interests include the applications of operations research in production planning, pricing and decision making under uncertainty. Operations and Data Analytics Wenjin YAN Since 2021 My research interests lie in polyhedral approaches for mixed integer programming and optimization under uncertainty, with applications in transportation, logistics and network design problems. We provide full financial support for four years, and 5th year support conditional on strong performance. Tuition fees waiver during all your studies Around € 25,200 living allowance per year for four years Possibility of an associate lecturer contract for your fifth year Conference budget provided your paper is accepted for presentation Overseas internship package External doctoral consortia and courses budget Your Ph.D. Supervisor is selected officially only during the second year of your Ph.D., based on the research interests you will have developed by then. Although it is useful (and recommended) to scan the research interests of current faculty at ESSEC, it is not necessary to contact them before you have been accepted in the program. Admission decisions are collegial. If you believe your research interests may match well with those of current faculty, please mention it in your motivation letter. Application on line : October 30, 2024Deadline for submitting your application: January 15, 2025 The program is open to excellent students from a variety of backgrounds: business and economics, engineering, hard sciences, psychology, sociology, philosophy, humanities, etc. You can complete the application process online, at your own pace, via a secured and personalized access. Fill in the online application form indicating university degrees and grades, including a statement of purpose and your Curriculum Vitae Upload your official transcripts Upload certified copies of all your grades and university diplomas unless award of the degree is specified on your final official transcript Upload 3 letters of recommendation to be completed by faculty or research scholars (available in the Application online procedure). Please ask you referees to check their spam/junk folder if they do not receive the recommendation request from ESSEC Provide a high GMAT or GRE score (test taken within the past five years). Last years cohort had an average GMAT of 700. The ETS code center for the ESSEC PhD Program is X 6R-91-50 (GMAT) and 0839 (GRE) The program being in English, applicants whose native language is not English are required to take the TOEFL, for which the PhD program code is 0045. IELTS is also accepted. Tuition fees to the PhD Program amount to 10,000 euros per year for the first two years. For students from the European Union, reduced tuition fees of 5,000 euros per year apply. After the first two years, tuition fees for students in residence amount for 2,400 euros for year. An exceptional waiver of half this amount applies for periods of non-residence. ESSEC offers a generous package of tuitions waiver, scholarships and conferences funding. If not funded by other sources (governments, foundations, etc.), admitted students are eligible to apply to the ESSEC package. No student is admitted without external or ESSEC funding.Everybody knows Google’s “20% time” rule, where employees can spend one day per week learning new skills, working on their pet projects, and having the freedom to launch initiatives of their own. Now, imagine that level of freedom for your career, but five days a week instead of just one. In academia, the visible tip of the iceberg --the one students are the most familiar with-- is that ESSEC faculty teach courses. However, outside the classrooms, a faculty’s time is largely dedicated to research. In a world where immediacy and speed are paramount, and everything seems rushed, research faculty are given the luxury of time to study the world, explore business problems in-depth, and recommend innovative solutions. Academic research is a rewarding path for students who are self-driven, hard-working, and wish to work in-depth on interesting research topics. While highly competitive, a career in academia can be fulfilling and intellectually stimulating and provides a level of freedom and independence that few professions offer. To embrace an academic career, however, a key requirement is that the candidate must hold a Ph.D. or a Doctorate. The Research Track in the Master in Management program is a path to embark on that journey.The aim of this track is to promote a career in academic research and encourage students to pursue a Ph.D., either at ESSEC Business School or in a different institution. The track is designed to coach students and help them apply to the best Ph.D. programs in the world (including the one at ESSEC) and give them a head start in their Ph.D. journey.The research track offers seven different concentrations and many more specializations, mimicking the structure of the Ph.D. program at ESSEC. Please visit this page for an overviewStudents apply to the track no later than 12 months prior to fulfilling their graduation requirements and no earlier than 24 months prior to that same deadline. When they apply, students are invited to send the following documents to the Coordinator: (1) a motivation letter, (2) their resume, (3) their course transcripts, and (4) their results to GMAT or GRE tests, if available.With the help and guidance of the Coordinator, the student needs to secure the involvement of a Research Advisor (a research-active ESSEC faculty) who agrees to work with the student on a research project of shared interest to both parties.Students need to validate three courses at the Ph.D. level or equivalent. The courses are selected from the standard Ph.D. student roadmap in their selected concentration, with the help and guidance of the Coordinator and Research Advisor. The UV will be registered as equivalence and will count toward the total number of UV students needed to validate to graduate in the Master in Management program.Students need to validate two independent research projects under the supervision of their Research Advisor. The UV will be registered as equivalence and will count toward the total number of UV students needed to graduate in the Master in Management program. Please see “personal research projects” in the Master Student Guide for more details.The students in the Research Track will also attend a seminar (one afternoon) where they will be coached about the requirements to apply to a Ph.D. Program (ESSEC or otherwise), the pros and cons of an academic career, what makes a good file or motivation letter, how to select a good Ph.D. program in their field, etc.Students accepted in the research track will be invited to attend research seminars and research events organized by their concentration. Attendance is encouraged but not required.Coordinator : Arnaud DE BRUYN - ESSEC Professor and Associate Dean for the Ph.D. Program Assistant : Christine GIL - Administrative Director / PhD Program - Office: N309 Contact us Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/programme/bachelor-hepta'}, page_content='Bachelor HEPTA - Diplôme pluridisciplinaire pour top athlètes || ESSEC Bachelor HEPTA - Hautes Etudes Pluridisciplinaires pour Top Athlètes Langue Français Durée 3 ans Date de rentrée Septembre 2025 Lieu 80% en ligne // 20% : Campus ESSEC Rabat ou Campus Sciences PoBrochureCandidaterBrochure Candidatercontact PrésentationProgrammeVie étudiante et CampusCarrièresAdmissionFinancementÉvènementsBachelor HEPTA - Hautes Etudes Pluridisciplinaires pour Top Athlètes« Embrasser sa passion sportive tout en poursuivant d’excellentes études et tracer sa voie, à son propre rythme, au sommet de ses capacités, est désormais une réalité enthousiasmante. La France, reconnue mondialement pour ses talents, ses innovations culturelles, artistiques et sportives, ouvre enfin les portes à une harmonie entre une passion d’exception et une instruction de haut niveau. Autrefois, 17 % des jeunes sportifs de haut niveau devaient renoncer à leur passion pour sécuriser leur avenir professionnel. Aujourd’hui, grâce à une initiative pionnière, l’ESSEC, en partenariat avec CentraleSupélec, Sciences Po et l’INSEP, propose une solution pluridisciplinaire révolutionnaire à ce dilemme historique. Ce programme, baptisé HEPTA, est une avancée majeure. Il vous offre, jeunes athlètes passionnés et talentueux, l’opportunité unique de « concilier l’inconciliable » : atteindre l’excellence à la fois dans le sport et dans le monde académique. Nous avons méticuleusement conçu ce cursus pour qu’il s’adapte à vos besoins, favorisant un équilibre entre l’entraînement intensif et des études stimulantes. Le curriculum d’HEPTA allie la flexibilité et l’autonomie, principalement grâce à des cours en ligne asynchrones, renforcés par quatre niveaux d’encadrement personnalisé. De plus, nous avons pris en compte l’importance de la vie sociale, au-delà de l’univers du sport. Vous aurez donc la possibilité de choisir jusqu’à 29 % de vos cours en présentiel, vous offrant une expérience étudiante riche et diversifiée. Avec HEPTA, nous vous encourageons à prendre le temps nécessaire pour vous épanouir dans vos entraînements et vos études, pour exceller, obtenir votre diplôme et, surtout, pour mûrir vos choix et définir votre avenir professionnel. Les jours où l’excellence académique et sportive ne pouvaient coexister sont révolus. Grâce à HEPTA, vous, athlètes talentueux, allez briller dans tous les domaines de votre vie. » Thierry Lardinoit Directeur Exécutif & Académique du Bachelor Hautes Etudes Pluridisciplinaires pour Top Athlètes LESSEC, CentraleSupélec, Sciences Po et l’INSEP sassocient pour créer un Bachelor s’adressant aux sportifs de haut niveau diplômés de l’enseignement secondaire qui souhaitent poursuivre leur développement sportif et acquérir une formation pluridisciplinaire transversale en gestion, en analyse de données et Sciences humaines et sociales. Hybride et majoritairement délivré en ligne, il associe ainsi les ressources professorales et l’expertise pédagogique de trois grandes écoles, l’une de commerce, l’autre d’ingénieur et la troisième de Sciences humaines et sociales.Une réelle personnalisation du parcours Une organisation personnelle, professionnelle et académique en adéquation avec les exigences du sport de haut niveau. • Pour répondre aux exigences des sportifs de haut niveau, les enseignements du Bachelor HEPTA sont organisés de façon à maintenir une hybridation de cours pendant toute la durée du programme. Pour cela, chaque étudiant détermine son programme en choisissant les cours qu’il va suivre semestre par semestre ; en mixant cours en ligne, cours en présentiel, cours semestriels ou cours en été. Les cours en ligne seront proposés en modalités synchrones et asynchrones afin de s’adapter aux contraintes des sportifs de haut niveau. Les cours synchrones (en live) qui vous permettent de bénéficier de feed-back immédiats et de pouvoir interagir en direct, tandis que les cours asynchrones vous permettent d’apprendre à votre propre rythme. • Laccompagnement pédagogique est la clé de voute du programme. 1000 heures de tutorat individualisé réparties entre la 2ème et la 3ème année, forum de suivi pédagogique des cours asynchrones avec les enseignants et coachs pédagogiques, webinaires et community management pédagogique. • 80% des cours seront enseignés en ligne et le reste en présentiel selon les cours électifs choisis sur les Campus d’ESSEC Afrique (Rabat-Maroc) et de Sciences Po. Le modèle pédagogique Année 1 Année 2 Année 3 Appréhender les grands enjeux technologiques, sociétaux, environnementaux et économiques des organisations. Savoir piloter la performance dune entreprise en intégrant les aspects marketing, financiers et managériaux. Développer une capacité réflexive et innovante afin danticiper les défis futurs et de proposer des solutions nouvelles et inclusives. Sapproprier les méthodes et outils nécessaires à la formulation de stratégies. Gérer et analyser les données nécessaires à la prise de décisions pertinentes. Réaliser des stages incluant des missions concrètes qui vous préparent à la poursuite de votre projet professionnel. Cours fondamenteaux Cours électifs Quelques exemples de cours* Année 1 ☗ ESSEC : • Stratégie & analyse de l’environnement• Macroéconomie• Les grands enjeux du digital• Marketing et relation client• Anglais LV1 & Allemand ou Espagnol LV2 ☗ CentraleSupélec :• Fondements mathématiques pour l’analyse et la gestion des données• Algèbre linéaire appliquée à l’ingénierie• Algorithme et génie logiciel ☗ Sciences Po :• L’ère des économistes : mondialisation, croissance et inégalités• Les défis contemporains de la démocratie• Médias et politique• Culture écologique Année 2 ☗ ESSEC : • Marketing stratégique• Contrôle de gestion et pilotage de la performance• Management d’équipe• Anglais LV1 & Allemand ou Espagnol LV2 ☗ CentraleSupélec• Principes fondamentaux des structures de donnéeset de l’analyse des données• Fondamentaux de programmation• Introduction aux probabilités☗ Sciences Po :• Atelier méthodologique: Démocratie et justicespatiale• Savoirs et savoir-faire de nos Institutions - LesInstitutions politiques de la France en pratique ☗ ESSEC : • Management de projet• Leadership et RSE• Doing business in Africa☗ Sciences Po :• Introduction à la philosophie de l’écologie• Économie publique• Diplomatie mondiale : théorie et pratique• Politique mondiale Année 3 ☗ ESSEC : •Transformation de business models et pilotage de laperformance• Anglais LV1 & Allemand ou Espagnol LV2 ☗ CentraleSupélec• Introduction à l’Intelligence Artificielle• Séminaires pour l’innovation☗ Sciences Po :• Sciences et sociétés ☗ Sciences Po :• Culture et enjeux du numérique• L’Union européenne à la croisée des chemins: questions et politiques• Développement durable et action ☗ ESSEC : • Marketing & communication digitale• AI and Innovation • Les césuresEn cas de césures, celles-ci seront de 1 semestre minimum et 2 semestres consécutifs aumaximum et doivent vous permettre de vous consacrer totalement à votre projet sportif. • Les cours en présentielLes cours en présentiel seront dispensés en français ou en anglais selon les électifs choisis et ce, sur lesCampus de Sciences Po ou d’ESSEC Afrique (Rabat) pour le Track "Entrepreneur". Des mises en situation : travaux de groupe De nombreuses études de cas permettent aux étudiants d’être en situation réelle face à une problématique réelle d’organisation. Un jeu dentreprise de 8 semaines, propulse les étudiants à travers un travail déquipe en gestionnaire d’entreprise fictive. L’immersion en entreprise : la construction du projet professionnel Le stage opérationnel d’un mois, en première ou deuxième année, est destiné à la découverte dumonde de l’entreprise. C’est une occasion unique de mise en action des enseignements despremiers semestres. Le stage décisionnel trois mois minimum, entre la fin de la deuxième et de la troisième année,est une opportunité solide pour les étudiants de s’impliquer sur une mission longue et deconstruire ainsi graduellement leur projet professionnel. Le parcours expérientiel du career center : révélez vos talents ! Ce parcours, qui se déroule en parallèle des études, est un accompagnement personnalisé et qui accompagne les étudiants à la découverte et lidentification de leurs talents. Il est conçu comme une série d’ateliers (élaboration d’un CV, lettre de motivation, préparation à l’entretien...), d’échanges individuels, de rencontres avec des managers et des entreprises, ainsi que de travaux de validation et de capitalisation des expériences professionnelles. Les rencontres étudiants / entreprises Organisées sous forme de forums de recrutement, de rencontres métiers avec de jeunes diplômés, speed recruiting, présentation de processus de recrutement etc. Ces évènements sont des occasions privilégiées pour les étudiants du programme de rencontrer des recruteurs et managers. Le cursus entrepreneurLes étudiants peuvent sils le souhaitent suivre le module d’été de formation à lentrepreneuriat, du campus ESSEC Afrique à Rabat. Vous pouvez bénéficier de la vie associative des 3 campus. Des centaines de clubs et associations aux thématiques très variées : sportives, culturelles, humanitaires, internationales ou encore citoyennes, il y en a pour tous les goûts ! Découvrez les clubs et associations présentes au sein de l’ESSEC, de CentraleSupélec et de Sciences Po. Campus ESSEC Afrique (Rabat) Le Maroc présente toutes les qualités d’un hub économique et culturel rayonnant sur l’Afrique de l’Ouest ainsi que le prouve la croissance régulière des échanges commerciaux entre le Maroc et l’Afrique subsaharienne. Partir étudier sur notre campus ESSEC Afrique, c’est bénéficier d’une ouverture sur les enjeux économiques et de développement de l’Afrique du Nord et de l’Afrique de lOuest grâce à des enseignements adaptés au contexte de la région avec l’intervention de professeurs et de professionnels experts sur le sujet. Le campus ESSEC Afrique ouvre ses portes en 2016 et accueillera 500 étudiants ESSEC chaque année sur ces 3500 m². Il est idéalement situé, à Plage des Nations, au cœur de l’aire urbaine Rabat-Salé-Kénitra. A 15 minutes à pied de la plage, le quartier dispose d’un centre commercial, de restaurants et d’une gare. Le campus est pensé de manière à faire profiter nos étudiants de toutes les innovations pédagogiques et technologiques actuelles. Le campus est équipé d’un espace de créativité, d‘un learning center (espace de documentation et de travail) et d’espaces de travail en groupes. Il est doté d’une résidence étudiante à proximité immédiate du bâtiment d’enseignement. Les étudiants auront accès aux infrastructures sportives du club de football géré par le Paris-Saint-Germain et bénéficieront de la proximité d’un golf et d’un club de surf. Sciences Po Sciences Po est aujourd’hui présent dans sept villes en France : Dijon, Le Havre, Menton, Nancy, Paris, Poitiers, Reims. Les sept campus de Sciences Po sont tous implantés dans des villes au patrimoine historique et architectural exceptionnel. Le campus de Paris, situé au cœur de la capitale, dans le quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, à proximité du musée du Louvre, de la Seine et du jardin du Luxembourg, constitue le site historique de Sciences Po, où l’école a été fondée en 1872. La vie sur le campus est riche des divers engagements associatifs proposés et de nombreuses manifestations qui y sont organisées. Avec le choix parmi plus de 80 associations artistiques, syndicales, politiques, culturelles et humanitaires, les étudiants sont encouragés à participer à des activités qui développent leur sens du collectif et des responsabilités. Entretiens individuels • Ateliers collectifs dans le cadre d’un parcours expérientiel :- En 1re année : connaissance de soi et découverte des centres d’intérêt.- En 2e année : recherche de stage, préparation aux entretiens, simulations d’entretiens…- En 3e année : revue du projet professionnel, bilan et perspectives. Chaque étudiant dispose d’un accès aux Career Services des trois écoles qui lui donne accès chaque à : • Plus de 25000 offres de stage, de VIE et d’emploi ;• Des informations sur les secteurs d’activité, les entreprises et les métiers ;• Des conseils avisés pour se préparer à la recherche d’opportunités professionnelles. Tout au long de l’année, des évènements « entreprises » sont organisés par les services carrières sur les campus des trois écoles ou chez les partenaires, ainsi que des tables rondes alumni. Des forums entreprises dédiés spécifiquement aux étudiants de Bachelor sont organisés chaque année.Lors de ces forums, des rencontres avec des professionnels et/ou des alumni, ainsi que des ateliers carrières sont proposés aux étudiants.Les diplômés du Bachelor HEPTA peuvent se spécialiser en intégrant un master ou exercer au sein de différents types dorganisations ou dentreprises afin de répondre aux défis sociétaux, et numériques. Quelques fonctions : Les diplômés du bachelor HEPTA pourront, en autre, occuper les postes suivants : chargé(e) de communication, chef(fe) de produit, chef(fe) de projet en organisation, assistant(e) parlementaire, chargé(e) de mission marketing...En entrant à l’ESSEC, vous rejoignez une communauté : la vôtre. Vous y trouverez la puissance d’un réseau. ESSEC Alumni, c’est déjà 71 000 diplômés aux parcours et profils très variés, dispersés aux quatre coins du monde. Des personnalités uniques avec un but commun : atteindre ses objectifs de carrière ! Dès votre entrée à l’école, vous devenez membre d’ESSEC Alumni et le restez pour toujours. C’est le principe de l’adhésion à vie, que l’ESSEC a été la première des grandes business schools parisiennes à mettre en place. Ainsi, à chaque étape de votre parcours, ESSEC Alumni vous permet de :• Trouver un stage/ un emploi, en France et à l’international• Gérer votre progression professionnelle• Changer de métier, devenir entrepreneur ou consultant indépendant• Échanger sur des sujets communs• Entretenir les liens avec vos camarades de promotion et la communauté Découvrez tous les services et facilités proposés par ESSEC Alumni• Si vous êtes Sportif de Haut Niveau et diplômé (ou en voie d’obtention) d’un baccalauréat Français ou diplôme étranger de fin d’études secondaires reconnu comme équivalent par le Ministère français de l’Education Nationale et que vous souhaitez acquérir des compétences en gestion, en analyse de données et en Sciences humaines et sociales. • Si vous souhaitez bénéficier des ressources professorales et l’expertise pédagogique de trois grandes écoles. • Si vous souhaitez acquérir un diplôme professionnalisant tout en continuant à vivre pleinement votre carrière de sportif de haut niveau (grâce à la très grande flexibilité du programme). Étape 1 : Remise du dossierChaque candidat devra déposer un dossier de candidature qui comprendra les documents suivants :• Relevé de notes des 3 dernières années ;• Curriculum vitae• 2 lettres de recommandation (1 scolaire + 1 univers du sport) • Statut de Sportif de Haut Niveau (SHN) correspondant au statut SHN tel que défini dans la liste de la circulaire n°DS/DS2/2020/199 du 5 novembre 2020 Frais de dossier : 100 euros, non remboursables, payables en ligne. Sont dispensés des frais de dossier les boursiers du CROUS (sur justificatif pour lannée en cours 2024-2025) Étape 2 : Entretien de personnalité et de motivationLes dossiers seront étudiés par un jury pour déterminer l’admissibilité des candidats.Les candidats admissibles devront par la suite passer un entretien de motivation. Étape 3 : Résultats d’admissionPour prendre connaissance de votre résultat d’admission, vous devrez vous connecter à votre Candidature en ligne. Étape 4 : Confirmez votre inscriptionUne fois admis, vous serez notifié par email par nos services pour confirmer votre inscription. Vous recevrez également les modalités pour le paiement en ligne des arrhes non remboursables. Les bourses Des bourses, totales ou partielles, sur les frais de scolarité et les frais de services peuvent être accordées en fonction du statut de SHN.1fevrier2025Journée Portes Ouvertes ESSEC 2025Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir le samedi 1er février 2025, de 8h45 à 17h15, sur notre campus de Cergy, pour vous accompagner dans le choix de votre formation08:45 - 17:15 | Campus de CergyInscriptionBesoin daide ?Facebook'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/global-mba'}, page_content='Full-Time Global MBA program - Become a global responsible leader || ESSEC Global MBA Language English Duration 12 months - Full Time Entry date September 9th Location Paris (La Défense) | Singapore Work experience 6 years on averageBrochureApplyBrochure Applycontact OverviewLearning experienceCareer DevelopmentAdmissionsFinancingEvents Global MBA Build your customized MBA Customize your MBA to align with your personal and professional aspirations. Core courses will allow you to deep dive into strategic topics, while electives will enable you to personalize your program. In the meantime, you will choose up to two Career Learning Lab(s), and benefit from industry specific workshops, networking opportunities, and global learning expeditions. By the end of your curriculum, apply all your acquired skills to an internship, a venture project or a global field project. Become a responsible business leader Our MBA offers a unique curriculum. Through a set of core courses and electives designed to develop your leadership abilities, you will dive into our faculty’s cutting edge research and tackle the latest business challenges. Sustainability. Digital Leadership. Innovation and entrepreneurship. These 3 strategic topics constitute the first step to tackling societal and business challenges. Unlock boundless opportunities in Europe & build a Global network From the heart of Europe’s premier business quarter - Paris, La Défense - where your MBA will take place, to the key European business hubs visited during the global learning expeditions, benefit from exclusive and personalized events and opportunities to enhance your network and meet your career goals. Reach beyond your career aspirations ESSEC fosters collaborative leadership through "Learning by Doing". With a wide range of activities organized by the Career Learning Labs, from global learning expeditions to workshops, masterclasses, networking events, alumni get-togethers, a dedicated MBA team will offer personalized guidance and resources to tailor your journey to your specific career ambitions and trajectory. Experience the power of a boutique-sized MBA What is a boutique program? We select and welcome high-impact and high-potential, forward thinking and responsible individuals with a collaborative mindset and international backgrounds. The ultimate goal is to enhance your inner leader, provide you with the tools to accelerate your career and become a confident and responsible business leader ready to make an impact on business and society. Obtain a certified “Grade Master” degree Enrolling in the ESSEC Global MBA ensures that you will complete a program officially recognized by the French State as a “Grade Master” – an official BAC+5 degree – which certifies the quality of teaching delivered and the value of your degree. (RNCP niveau 7: RNCP37972) This accreditation also enables international students to apply for a work permit in France upon graduation. This work permit is typically valid for one year and can be extended under specific conditions. ESSEC’s full-time Global MBA is designed for responsible and high-potential professionals looking to make a career leap through a 12-month life-changing journey. Mid-career professionals of at least 25 years of age 3 years of experience by the start of the program International work experience A higher education degree (4-year bachelors degree) Academic Director Professor of Leadership & Organizational Behavior David Sluss The world needs innovative, responsible, and digital-savvy leaders – leaders who are ready to enlighten, lead, and change the world. The ESSEC Global MBA program is designed to take you on a transformative journey in becoming a global leader in which you will experience a high-impact and high-return career. ESSEC’s next-generation, personalized curriculum focusing on sustainability, digital leadership, and innovation & entrepreneurship goes hand-in-hand with powerful career learning labs. These one-of-a-kind career learning labs put your personalized career aspirations to work in one (or two) high-growth options: luxury, finance, consulting, or product management. We are a boutique program. We bring in a relatively small, high impact, collaborative, and global cohort every year. Our aim is to partner with you as you accelerate your career and your leadership capacities!“The vast array of experiences I was exposed to has taught me to be a more effective decision-maker.”Alejandro ArellanoClass of 2020Business Developer & Partner Manager at PrestaShop“As a woman in the financial industry, ESSEC Global MBA supported and trained me to find a role in my desired industry even before graduating!”Simona SarkissanClass of 2021Loyalty & Brand Strategy Consultant at Dubai Holding"The Global MBA program opened many doors for my future. It was the gateway to the dream job that I never thought I would have."Jaeseok LeeClass of 2020 Retail Project Lead at Chanel“The program opened doors to the luxury industry, by providing unparalleled exposure, various networking opportunities and industry knowledge from a network of international faculty members and industry experts”.Arvind RamanClass of 2021Sales Manager at Montblanc“The MBA acted as a launch pad for my career and surprisingly landed me a job in South-East Asia even before graduating!”Yatin NandaClass of 2021Senior Consultant at PwC Middle EastThe important role of international and tailored field trips in the journey of ESSEC Global MBA participants for their post-MBA career trajectory.Global MBA Field trip ExperienceThe ESSEC Global MBA offers an overall emphasis on international markets, designed to give you within a year, the tools and knowledge necessary to be successful in today’s competitive market. You will have the privilege of being taught by ESSEC’s world-renowned faculty, composed of more than 160 individuals representing 36 nationalities and the world’s most prestigious institutions. The program relies on international professors who are experts in their individual fields and will enrich the experience through case studies that draw on each of the sectors. Become a global leaderDeep dive into strategic topics with our core courses: Leading People & Organizations | Negotiations | Influence & Presentation Skills | Marketing Management | Strategic Management | Operations Management Data Science for Business | Power BI | Tableau | Financial Accounting | Managerial Accounting | Financial Management | Economic Analysis for Business Discover our 3 key topics of choice: Sustainable Transformations | Digital Disruption | Innovation & Competitive Advantage Explore your future Career Learning Lab: Luxury | Finance | Consulting | Product Management Customize your journey by selecting 6 electives of your preferenceThe world needs global business leaders who can resiliently face the great challenges and seize the opportunities of today’s economy: sustainability, digitalization, and innovation. With an ESSEC Global MBA, you will become the global leader the world needs. We partner with you to provide a globally integrated journey that transforms you into an innovative, responsible, and digital-savvy leader prepared to succeed in high-return and high-impact careers.The ESSEC Global MBA integrates sustainability, digitalization, and innovation across core courses. You also can personalize your journey by “mixing and matching” electives across these areas. Sustainability Businesses are experiencing a renewed sense of responsibility for both social and ecological challenges. With this shift comes a committed search for business-trained talent with a deep knowledge of these challenges as well as the best tools and practices for increasing sustainability. Example courses: Sustainable transformation, Circular Economy in Supply Change, Sustainable Marketing, Sustainable Finance, etc. Targeted roles: ESG (Environment, Society, and Governance) Consulting, Leading a Sustainable Supply Chain Function, or Analyzing Impact Investing, etc Digital Leadership Digital is “the” way of doing business now and for the future. Businesses need not only digital skills, but also strategic talent that can lead organizations in aligning digital strategy with digital transformation. Example courses: Implementing AI, Fintech, Digital Marketing, and/or How to lead digital transformations, etc. Targeted roles: Digital Product Manager, Digital Strategy Consultant, or Business Intelligence Manager, etc Innovation & Entrepreneurship Growth and innovation are inherent aspects of business. Therefore, businesses require talent with the skills to lead innovation and growth at large organizations, as well as leaders who can work with fast-growing startups and scale-ups – while possibly becoming entrepreneurs themselves. Example courses: Entrepreneurial Finance, Growing a Brand, Innovation Management, etc. Targeted roles: Venture Capital Analyst, Brand Leader, or Innovation Consultant, etc Across these three key topics, you may have a career goal of contributing more specifically in roles aligned in Finance. The ESSEC Global MBA allows you to choose a Finance elective cluster. This is the power of the ESSEC Global MBA! The power to personalize your career journey across, industry sectors, and roles. Accelerate your career by applying your knowledgeBy embracing agility, opt for diverse experiential pathways that enable hands-on learning, international exposure and entrepreneurial exploration. Consider internships, global field projects or venturing projects. Internships The internship will enable you to gain practical experience in the specific field of your choice, applying theoretical knowledge, acquiring new skills, and developing your professional networks. Global Field Project The Global Field project is specifically designed to give you hands-on experience working with a team on a real-life business problem, enabling you to apply and demonstrate your newly acquired skills and knowledge. Depending on your interest, the topic is defined in collaboration with sponsoring companies. Venturing Project Do you have a business idea you want to bring to life? Reveal your inner entrepreneur! At ESSEC, Entrepreneurship is in our DNA. In the Venturing Project, you will take your business idea and go through ESSEC Ventures lean startup process to create a viable and scalable business model - setting you up for success. Given the projects high-risk / high-reward nature, we take only a select number from each cohort. Your project will receive support via: Coaching from ESSEC Ventures experienced advisors Mentoring from ESSEC Ventures extensive network of successful alumni entrepreneurs Possible admission to be incubated via ESSECs incubator at Station F - the worlds largest start-up incubator Choose your Career Learning LabsIn order to succeed in your job, you need to be equipped with the necessary skillset and know the ins and out of an industry. Relying on ESSECs strengths and “savoir faire” (“know how”) and with the support of the ESSEC Alumni network and ESSEC experts, we have specifically designed four unique career learning labs: Consulting, Product Management, Finance and Luxury.In your chosen career learning lab (or labs if you decide to choose 2), you will experience workshops from seasoned leaders, projects in which you network with potential employers, and international learning expeditions. Consulting Executive Workshops: Doing Consulting: Niche & Global | Project Scoping | Interviewing Skills | Industry & Best Practice Research | “From Associate to Partner” & Beyond Deloitte “Bootcamp”: Project Scoping | Interviewing Skills | Industry Research | Company Visit Learning expeditions: London Company visits Product Management Becoming a Product CEO: Designing Product Families | Digital Platforms | Customer Experience Design | Business Decisions for Product | Managers PM bootcamp: Designing Product Families | Digital Platforms | Customer Experience Design Finance Executive Workshops: Working in Finance | Financial Toolkits| Leading the Financial Function | Finance & Consulting | Venture Capital Simulation | Mergers & Acquisition Simulation Learning expeditions: London Finance Electives (Term 3): FinTech | Sustainable Finance | Entrepreneurial Finance Company visits Luxury Executive Workshops: Managing “Savoir Faire” | Social Foundations of Luxury | Creating Sustainable Luxury | Luxury Retail Strategy | Luxury Digital Operations | Luxury Sectors: Fashion; Perfumes & Cosmetics; Wines & Spirits; Watches Luxury “Bootcamp”: Social Foundations of Luxury | Creating Sustainable Luxury | Luxury Retail Strategy Learning expeditions: London | Milan “Savoir Faire” Visit Boutique internship Do you need to know your choice of career learning lab when you apply?No. The more specific your career ambitions the better, however, we will partner with you so that within the first term you will be able to choose your concentration and career learning lab. Develop your inner leaderFrom day one, you will focus on developing your ability to enlighten, lead, and change the world around you. At the ESSEC Global MBA, we believe that a more sustainable, digitally-connected, and innovative world requires leaders to integrate collaboration and competition as well as creativity and execution. French Culture IntegrationDuring three days of integration into the ESSEC Global MBA, you will be immersed in leadership challenges. The location may change from one year to the next. Over the course of this three-day adventure, you will form a strong bond with the other members of the cohort. This bond will carry you through the year and well into your future. The "Toward Responsible Innovation" missionThrough signature developmental experiences, we implement a “do, reflect, and learn” approach to building your leadership competencies. In the “Towards Responsible Innovation” mission, you will be immersed in sustainability issues and leadership challenges. ESSEC takes great pride in exploring new training and teaching techniques. In order to stay abreast of current sustainability trends and issues, the mission and partner company will change from one year to the next. Global Business SimulationYou will put into practice ESSEC’s belief that the grand business challenges can only be met via collaborative and ‘future-forward’ leadership. You will also be coached through this process. At the beginning of your ESSEC Global MBA journey, you will participate in a 360-degree leadership assessment, make personalized leadership improvement goals, and receive feedback and coaching throughout your journey to track your progress. Experience hands-on learningField trips will enable you to understand contemporary business challenges in different socio-economic and cultural contexts. During the second term, you will embark on a week-long field trip, the location of which changes year to year. This field trip is a mix of cultural and professional activities to help you explore how business is conducted in different countries. During this trip, you will complete an industry-focused research project, visit companies, and meet local ESSEC alumni. This year, business trips are organized to key European destinations. Field trip destinations may be subject to change. Discover the ESSEC Field trips through the below video: Study in ParisThe Global MBA is naturally located at the “La Défense campus” which is a business-savvy environment, home to many major companies and professional opportunities. The goal is to create better opportunities and experiences, giving participants more access to connections, both within and outside of the ESSEC network and providing them with many networking opportunities and events in the city’s pulsing business district La Défense is the perfect place to power up the participants’ careers as all master classes and professional talks are hosted at the talent center on campus Home to many graduate employers, Paris is the gateway to Europe. This proximity definitely makes attending interviews and even networking a lot easier. The location of the campus is also ideal to take advantage of all that Paris has to offer, as a cultural and business capital as it is a quick access to Paris’ city center France is known as one of the world’s most popular tourist destinations, from being a global fashion hub, to the many famous attractions, to its exquisite food and wine. No matter how you would like to spend your free time, Paris offers a huge range of opportunities.From the beautiful courtyards of the Louvre Museum to the charming streets of Montmartre, Paris is naturally the destination of choice-particularly for international students. Study in SingaporeIn the heart of the One-North sector, dedicated to research, teaching and entrepreneurship, the Asia-Pacific campus welcomes full-time students and executive education participants to 6,500 m² of academic facilities. Inaugurated in May 2015, this campus is both at the forefront of technology while meeting the most demanding environmental norms and standards. The ESSEC Global MBA career services continuously work towards building partnerships with major companies and institutions in the corporate world. We will support you in developing the skills you need to be exceptional candidates for world-class recruiters. Thanks to the engagement of alumni, HR and executive search firms, our team is able to kickstart your career in your desired industry and help you achieve your goals. Step 1: Get set, Launch! Dive into the Talent Center teams expertise and connect online Explore the active resources with interactive demos Start making important connections with peers for future teamwork Begin your journey with a crucial one-on-one meeting with the Talent Center tea Step 2: Power Up Your Skills Get insights from a certified career coach for personal guidance Join interactive workshops to polish your personal brand and career planning skills Unleash LinkedIns potential for your professional growth Connect with alumni and leaders through talks and networking Step 3: Shine Bright Deepen your insights through corporate visits and presentations Discover new MBA markets through eye-opening field trips Build international connections at diverse networking events Enhance your professional credibility by actively contributing to a Global Field project or by gaining hands-on experience through an MBA internship Step 4: Lock in Your Target Get tailored support to secure your dream job Prepare thoroughly for interviews to excel Elevate your skills with extra coaching Cultivate and sustain your invaluable connections and the ESSEC network as you progress on this journey 71 000 Alumni +125 Clubs and chapters > 1000 Events A Network of Excellence You have completed a degree, certification or short program? You are now part of the ESSEC Executive community!Take advantage of networking, mentoring and continuous learning opportunities to advance your career in an ever-changing world.Learn moreOur full-time Global MBA is designed for responsible and high-potential professionals looking to make a career leap through a 12-month intensive and life-changing journey. Requirements: Age: At least 25 years old when you submit your application (average: 30) Work experience: At least 3 years of post-university professional experience (excluding internships) International: International work experience (abroad or in an international environment) Degree: A 4-year Bachelors Degree Aptitude management test: A competitive GMAT/Executive Assessment/GRE or Tage-Mage score* English level: An advanced level of English *Please bear in mind that you dont need your GMAT/Executive Assessment/GRE or Tage-Mage score to start your GMBA journey so dont wait to contact our team of advisors and discuss your profile, project and application! Our team of advisors will be happy to review your profile and answer any questions you may have. Contact them!Do you think the Global MBA is the right fit for you? Are you interested in joining us next year?Applications for the next 2025 cohort run from August 2024 to July 2025. You can apply each month - the sooner you apply, the more early bird and scholarships you can benefit from Your application will be analyzed by the Admissions Committee: should you be eligible to the program, you will be invited to an interview within 8 to 15 days following the submission of the application Following your interview, and if admitted, you will receive an offer to join ESSEC 7 to 10 days following your interview You will then have 2 weeks to confirm your offer by making a first deposit of € 5,000 In the meantime, feel free to contact us directly to discuss your expectations and learn more. Rounds Online Applications closing date Interviews WINTER EARLY BIRD: - € 5,000 Round 3 January 13, 2025 Jan 27-31, 2025 WINTER EARLY BIRD: - € 5,000 Round 4 February 24, 2025 Mar 10-14, 2025 Step 1: Preparation & TestsKeep in mind, tests can take several months to prepare! Preparing will ensure you attain the highest scores possible for the required tests and then, register for the exams (GMAT/GRE/Executive Assessment/TAGE MAGE & English). A Management Aptitude Test: GMAT, Executive Assessment, GRE or TAGE-MAGE (valid for 5 years) An English Proficiency Test* (validity of 2 years) MANAGEMENT APTITUDE TEST (GMAT, Executive Assessment, GRE, Tage-Mage) GMAT Focus editionThe GMAT Focus edition scores are also accepted. We look at applications on a holistic basis and a high GMAT score does not guarantee admission. A preferred minimum score is 585 (exceptions can be made if other elements of your application stand out). In this years class, the average GMAT Focus edition equivalent score is 615. Executive Assessment The EA is tailored for busy, experienced professionals and offers flexibility. The exam is 90 minutes and has easy rescheduling options.It will help evaluate your business school readiness and leverage the practical knowledge you bring to the program.Find out more ESSEC Codes: please use the following institution codes to send us your scores: GMAT: X6RFV57 GRE: 0839 ________________________________ ENGLISH TEST TOEIC: minimum score of 800 IELTS: minimum score of 7 TOEFL: minimum score 100 | TOEFL MyBest scores or TOEFL Essentials Test (minimum score 10) are accepted English tests are not required if you: are a native English speaker have pursued your university degree in english have spent the last 3 years in an English speaking environment/country have lived a minimum of 3 years in an English speaking country. Register for your English Test and send us your scores: TOEFL iBT® Special Home Edition or the TOEFL ITP. ESSEC Code for TOEFL: 0520 Step 2 : Online Application 1. Create your ESSEC Account to start your application online - Click here! 2. You will receive an email confirmation with your ID and password 3. Fill out the application form at your convenience, pause, and come back to it at any point. 4. Complete your essays Step 3: Checklist & Documents A professional CV/resume (1-2 pages maximum) Copy of your passport or ID card ID photo, passport style (medium to high-resolution digital image) 1 Scholarship Essay (if applicable) 2 professional referees, please attach two pdf reference letters in your application in this format only Official transcripts of grades from all prior academic establishments (excluding high school) Official degree certificates from all prior academic establishments (excluding high school) If you are a French candidate, a copy of your baccalauréat Original GMAT/Executive Assessment/GRE or TAGE-MAGE score (Online GMAT Scores are accepted) Original TOEFL or IELTS or TOEIC score Application fee: €130 All documents must be provided in English or French. Official translations will also have to be provided for documents in other languages GMAT/Executive Assessment (EA)/GRE Waiver: Submit your application now, send in your test scores later!To ensure you get a spot on the ESSEC Global MBA program, you can apply without your Aptitude Management Test score and be accepted into the program pending reception of accepted test scores. You cannot be fully enrolled and benefit from scholarships before ESSEC receives all documents and test scores. Admitted applicants without GMAT/EA/GRE should send their results to the admissions team before the next round deadline. Step 4: Interview Application review: Your complete application will be fully reviewed by the Admissions Panel. If successful, you will be contacted within 2 weeks for your 30 to 40-minute interview. Interview: The aim during the interview is to demonstrate your motivation (for an MBA, for ESSEC, and what you hope to achieve). The interview will be conducted either in person or over video conference, depending on the location of the candidate. The Panel includes the Academic Director and/or faculty members, Global MBA alumni or students, members of the ESSEC career services team (Talent Center), HR professionals, or headhunters. Step 5: Results Results: Upon decision, you will be notified within 2 weeks of your interview if you have been offered a place in the ESSEC Global MBA program along with supporting documentation for participants who have to obtain visas. Please note that all decisions by the Admissions Panel are final and cannot be appealed. An MBA is a big investment, both personally and financially, therefore it’s important to make sure that you have all the financial support and guidance you need to prepare for your MBA. Start your application Early Bird For the 2025 intake, the first applicants to enroll in the early Admissions Juries will benefit from: A Winter Early Bird offer of €5,000 if you apply before January 13th French Nationals This scholarship is awarded to French nationals with real international experience looking to progress in their career. European Nationals This scholarship is awarded to European candidates who are able to demonstrate potential to create an impact. United States Nationals The French-American Chamber of Commerce Foundation (FACC Foundation) was launched in 2012 to sponsor the training and education of the next generation of transatlantic business leaders through its highly selective "Serge Bellanger French-American Business Scholarship" Program.This scholarship is granted every year and provides multiple, merit-based scholarships. Each scholarship is worth $10,000 and exclusively covers academic tuition. > Eligibility: Candidates must be American students who wish to pursue an MBA, a Masters degree or a Mastère Specialisé in a business-related discipline in France. Candidate eligibility and selection criteria can be found here. Deadline for scholarship application: March 31st, 2024 Applications will be under review by a jury during the months of April and May and scholarship winners will be notified in June.Please email faccfoundation@faccnyc.org with questions. South African Nationals > FirstRand Laurie Dippenaar scholarshiphttps://bursaries.firstrand.co.za/Bursary/FirstRandLaurieDippenaarScholarshipValue: R1.5 millionApplications will open on Friday 15 December 2023 and close on Thursday 7 March 2024. > CampusFrancehttps://www.southafrica-france-scholarships.com/Value: A full scholarship by the Embassy of France. It includes: The status of a France Excellence scholarship holder which includes social security, priority for accessing student housing, visa fee exemption and assistance offered by Campus France Paris. A return flight ticket to France. A monthly allowance approximately 850 euros International Experience This scholarship rewards candidates who have either worked in an international environment or in several countries, have a deep understanding of intercultural business environments, and/or can speak several foreign languages. Eligibility: Candidates must have a good understanding of international challenges and the nature of projects led abroad, and/or mastery of foreign languages, with the ability to demonstrate how these qualities have uplifted their careers. Women Leaders This scholarship is awarded to women who are driven to pursue positions of leadership in the future. Eligibility: The leadership potential of the candidate will be assessed through her responsibilities, her involvement in clubs and organizations, her general visibility, and her career progression. High Potential This scholarship rewards a candidate who has demonstrated exceptional academic achievements and career advancement. The amount of the scholarship will also take into account your management aptitude test score. (GMAT, EA, GRE).Eligibility: the ability of a candidate to demonstrate success in his/her career and who shows potential to evolve rapidly in a company or public organization. Diversity & Inclusion This scholarship is to support international diversity and inclusion in our cohort. It recognizes the academic and professional achievement of candidates who, through the sharing of their varied cultural perspectives, will enhance the cohorts worldview during the MBA journey. Eligibility: Candidates are evaluated in terms of their academic and professional background, personality and uniqueness of profile. Candidates must highlight the unique or distinctive value that their individual profile would contribute to the class. Sustainable Leaders This scholarship is awarded to candidates who have shown their contribution or involvement in sustainaiblity challenges aligned with ESSEC’s values. Digital TransformersThis scholarship is awarded to candidates who have shown their contribution or involvement in the below-listed sectors aligned with ESSEC’s values and strategic challenges: Digital Transformation & AI. Innovation & Entrepreneurship This scholarship is awarded to candidates who have been involved in an innovation oriented work environment or entrepreneurial project/start-up or plan to create one. Eligibility: The candidates ability to demonstrate the potential of developing a successful business or have the willingness to start a business. 6novembre2024WEBINAR | Discover the Full Time Global MBAJoin our webinar and find out if the ESSEC Global MBA program is the right choice for you! Youll hear from our Alumni, and will be able to ask all of your burning questions.13:00 | Online replay availableWatch the replay30avril2024 WEBINAR: Tips and tricks for a successful GMBA application - watch the replayJoin us for an insightful webinar, "Tips & Tricks: Your Guide to a Successful GMBA Application," where we delve into the essential advice and insights for crafting a compelling application to the ESSEC Global MBA program.18:00 | Online replay availableWatch the replay9decembre2024Access MBA | Johannesburg, South AfricaJoin the Access MBA Tour in South Africa and meet our ESSEC MBA Program advisors to find out more about our program, discuss your career plans, and more.16:00 | The Leonardo HotelRegister14decembre2024Access MBA | Dubai, UAEJoin the Access MBA Tour in Dubai, UAE and meet our ESSEC MBA Program advisors to find out more about our programs, discuss your career plans, and more.14:00 | Dusit Thani DubaiRegister 16decembre2024Access MBA | Abu Dhabi, UAE Join the Access MBA Tour in Abu Dhabi, UAE and meet our ESSEC MBA Programs advisors to find out more about our programs, discuss your career plans, and more.17:00 | Sofitel Abu Dhabi CornicheRegisterNeed help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/url-campus-singapour'}, page_content='Singapore campus - ESSEC Asia-Pacific || ESSEC Singapore campus ESSEC Asia-PacificSingapore campusVisit CampusPractical informationPress reviewSingapore campusLocated at Nepal Hill, in the heart of one-north (the “Silicon Valley” of Singapore), ESSEC Asia-Pacific promises to shape the future of business education in the Asia-Pacific region. Established in 2005 as ESSECs first overseas campus outside France, Singapore was chosen for its strategic location as the gateway to Asia, a culturally vibrant hub for finance, communications, logistics, and information technology. The campus is surrounded by a buzzing technopreneur community of venture capitalists, innovators, students, researchers, and media enterprises. It is home to world-class R&D, tech, and media companies. Organizations like P&G Innovation Centre, A*STAR, The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia), Canon, Fujitsu Asia, Garena, and Ubisoft are located here. As a hub for ESSEC’s activities in the Asia-Pacific region, the campus offers a dynamic environment that facilitates the delivery of quality business programs to students and participants, fosters partnerships with academic and corporate entities, and drives influential research initiatives. 12 Classrooms 19 Student breakout rooms, and study areas 950 Students a year 6 500 m² Of total surface area Global BBA ESSEC’s Global BBA is a highly-selective four-year undergraduate degree. Highly selective, intensive and demanding, it is designed to prepare students for the business world in diverse and complex environments. Find out more Master in Management / Grande École ESSEC’s Master in Management program is designed to train the new generation of responsible leaders. Thanks to the unique flexibility of ESSEC’s pedagogical model, you have the freedom to forge your own academic journey. Find out more Master in Finance Lasting one or two years, including study trips, professional events, innovation competitions and field experience, the Master in Finance aims to equip its students with the best analytical skills and the unique adaptability to succeed inFind out more MSc in Data Science and Business Analytics This one- or two-year program draws on the teaching resources of ESSEC and CentraleSupélec, with a choice of three majors, to acquire the analytical skills needed for the best careers combining business and data science.Find out more Master in Strategy and Management of International Business This one- or two-year program can be customized into three different tracks to launch a career in high-value strategic positions, in consulting, or in the management of digital change.Find out moreformation-continue Global MBA Unlock opportunities in your desired industry with ESSEC’s Global MBA, a comprehensive 12-month full-time program, based in France. Participants receive specialized training designed to facilitate a smooth and successful transition into a new career. Find out more MSc in Marketing Management and Digital A Singapore-based program focused on digital marketing and luxury marketing, to equip students with the skills, knowledge and experience that will enable them to succeed as modern managers.Find out moreformation-continue Custom Programs Build a customized program that aligns with your organization’s need, objective culture and transformational challenges.Find out moreformation-continue Certificates & short programs Refine your expertise and unlock your potential with ESSEC Business School’s array of short courses. Discover our certificates and short programs (2 to 6 days) covering a diverse range of key management areas for a rapid and targeted skills development.Find out moreformation-continue Executive MBA ESSEC’s MBA programs are graduate-level programs that cater to experienced professionals seeking to elevate their management skills and fast-track their career progression. Embark on our hybrid, modular or weekend format Executive MBAs, to be completed in just 18 months.Find out moreESSEC is a research-driven business school, led by a faculty of influential experts, integrated within an international community and featuring a diverse range of skills. The faculty members are strongly committed to share their expertise and frequently contribute to executive programs, conferences, forums and symposiums among others. ESSEC’s faculty hails from some of the most prestigious institutions worldwide. 21 permanent professors are based in the Asia-Pacific campus. For more informationThe Asia-Pacific campus is located in Singapore, a dynamic city renowned for its urban environment, cultural diversity, and connectivity to the region. Known as the "Garden City of Asia, Singapore offers a lush urban landscape with many places to explore. Near the ESSEC campus, you will also find vibrant shopping and dining destinations such as The Star Vista and Timbre+. Singapore has a thriving arts and entertainment scene at locations like its Civic District and Clarke Quay, Gardens by the Bay, The Esplanade, and Botanic Gardens. Singapore’s safe, efficient, and harmonious society allows you to immerse yourself in a rich variety of experiences, while its strategic location serves as a gateway to major business hubs across Asia-Pacific. Officially inaugurated on 4 May 2015, ESSEC’s Asia-Pacific campus was designed by Singapore’s former chief planner and renowned architect Dr. Liu Thai Ker, symbolizing a fusion of European and Asian architectural styles.The campus has been designed for a pleasant and conducive learning experience. Amidst the backdrop of Nepal Park’s scenic greenery, our classrooms, cafeteria, study areas, breakout rooms, K-lab, and ESSEC’s cutting-edge research library offer a full range of facilities to complement your academic experience. The Knowledge Lab (K-lab) is a comprehensive suite of cutting-edge resources, facilities, and services to support the academic endeavors of the ESSEC community. With a primary aim to enhance teaching and research standards, the K-lab is committed to procuring and disseminating educational materials, producing video content, aiding faculty with digital tools, and implementing innovative pedagogical approaches to create an enriching academic experience for all.By continuing our transformation into an environmentally friendly campus, ESSEC Asia-Pacific is eager to pioneer a better tomorrow for our world.Some of the sustainability-focused initiatives undertaken at our Asia-Pacific campus include: The installation of solar panels capable of producing 41.6 kilowatts of electricity per hour at peak capacity. Annually, these panels are projected to generate 3-6% of our energy consumption while significantly reducing our carbon footprint by 15.6 tonsGrowing our own edible rooftop garden, and supplying organic produce to our cafeteria, students, and staff. Our edible garden produces more than 20 varieties of fruits, vegetables, and herbsThe installation of Electric Vehicle (EV) chargers at our carpark, supporting the adoption of EVs in our communityGetting to the campus: 5 Nepal Park Singapore 139408 Google Maps Public transportation The nearest MRT station is one-north MRT Station (CC23), on the Circle Line. When you reach the one-north MRT station, take Exit B and walk up Nepal Park to reach the campus. Buses: 74, 91, 92, 95, 191, 196, 198 or 200 Eating on campus On-campus dining services Sodexo cafeteria, open from 8.00 am - 5.00 pm The cafeteria also has microwave ovens to heat meals Pre-arrival Preparation for your arrival To prepare for a successful study program in Singapore, we have compiled a checklist on our blog site. ESSEC APAC endeavors to update the checklist whenever there are changes to governmental or enrolment policies. For the most recent updates, please check with the school’s representatives. Accommodation in Singapore A wide range of rental properties is available, from single rooms to public or private apartments. Learn more about rental and housing options in Singapore on our blog site. We are happy to offer advice and facilitate their search for suitable accommodation. 2024 Date Description 18 November 2024 Dealing with the pain of workplace conflicts - CNA Work It (Podcast) - Prof. Sam Garg 1 November 2024 What the US presidential election means for China and the rest of Asia - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 October 2024 New auditing rules finalised as Asia mulls mandatory sustainability assurance - Eco-Business - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 4 October 2024 Decoding the rise of the Indian luxury consumer: The playbook for Western luxury brands - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 October 2024 How can anti-corruption regulations promote social responsibility? - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 29 September 2024 Israel’s killing of Nasrallah: Who could be Hezbollah’s new leader, and how will Iran react? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 September 2024 ‘Keen to move forward’: India, China signal thaw in ties with diplomatic, border efforts - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 6 September 2024 EU’s carbon tax on China EVs sparks debate on environmental progress, economic burden in Asia - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 September 2024 Pressure piles on Israels Netanyahu over Gaza - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 August 2024 To do or not to do: How to frame more ambitious goals so you stick to them - Forbes India - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 August 2024 Key management changes at S’pore digital banks GXS, MariBank may signal strategic shifts ahead - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 August 2024 DBS succession: The end of an era, but incoming CEO Tan Su Shan is poised to run the next lap well - The Straits Times - Prof. Rick Marchese 30 July 2024 What does it take to become digitally resilient? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 July 2024 Harris Won’t Dump Taiwan. That’s Why China Likes Trump - Bloomberg - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 July 2024 ‘It is time for this war to end: Is a Gaza ceasefire in sight after Netanyahu’s US visit? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 July 2024 India debates increased Chinese investment: can benefits outweigh geopolitical risks? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 25 July 2024 Marketing budget cuts: borrowing from the future to finance the present? - CNA938 - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 22 July 2024 Merchants in Singapore offering ‘buy now, pay later’ plans see uplift in sales - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 July 2024 How will the demand for passion investments evolve in Singapore? - CNA - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 July 2024 India’s Modi expected to curb populist welfare spending in pro-growth budget - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 July 2024 Mutual funds vs Exchange Traded Funds for retail investors - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 8 July 2024 CNA Explains: Frances election has ended in a hung parliament. What happens next? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 July 2024 Far-right parties unlikely to have a big influence on European policy, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 June 2024 R.I.C.H: The X factor to make it big in the luxury industry - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 22 June 2024 EU tariffs on China not a punishment, says German economy minister - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 June 2024 Customer referencing: Turning the customer into a credible source of value - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 18 June 2024 S’pore reclaims top spot in world competitiveness ranking after three years - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 June 2024 Chinas Big Tech companies taught Asia to pay by scanning QR codes, but made a mess along the way - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 June 2024 G7 Meeting: Leaders in Italy to discuss issues such as Ukraine, China and AI - BBC Business Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 June 2024 Imposing tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles contradictory to EUs decarbonisation plans: Analyst - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 June 2024 EU’s move to hit Chinese EV makers with higher tariffs will not affect pricing much: Experts - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 June 2024 Feminist geopolitics crucial for todays global challenges - Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 10 June 2024 ESG Roundup: Market Talk - The Wall Street Journal - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 10 June 2024 Chinese EV manufacturers are now ‘scouting’ the EU, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 June 2024 China vs. U.S., Zelenskyy appears: 5 takeaways from Shangri-La forum - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 June 2024 Daily Cuts - Ukraine’s Zelenskyy faces China in a drop-in at the Shangri-La Dialogue - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2024 How luxury brands are making up for lower Chinese spending - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 May 2024 理财锦囊：别把今朝当末日 不视消费为救星 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 May 2024 Chinese President Xi starts state visit to France - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 May 2024 Eu Yan Sang and the continuing quest to grow Singapore unicorns - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 May 2024 Corporates amid complexities: Why diverse voices matter more than ever - ETHRWorld - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 7 May 2024 Why is geopolitics knowledge essential for business leaders? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 April 2024 Confidence: How it helps to keep the marketing budget healthy and long-term - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 8 April 2024 Will fresh Middle East tensions blow up risks for small Asian firms? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 April 2024 Money in the Market: How will Chinas stricter IPO rules affect the stock market? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Rick Marchese 23 March 2024 India comes for China’s manufacturing crown as supply chains slowly shift - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 21 March 2024 Euro Watch: What the Kate photo controversy is really about - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 March 2024 Daily Cuts - European Council summit — responding to ongoing hotspots - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 March 2024 A Wee matter of succession and continuity at UOB - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 17 March 2024 悉看大势：低调奢华风潮再现 隐形富人穿名牌 不是行家不识货 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 15 March 2024 HK’s green vision - China Daily - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 14 March 2024 Euro Watch: What can the world expect from six more years of Vladimir Putin? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 March 2024 How Asian women are challenging bias to carve out entrepreneurial success, from Singapore to India - South China Morning Post - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 March 2024 Unlocking potential: How international business school helps HR specialist find her voice and purpose - The Business Times - Stephenie Teo - EMBA alumna 7 March 2024 Firms that peg CEOs’ pay to ESG goals must be clear how it fits with their strategy - The Business Times - Prof. Koh Ping-Sheng 6 March 2024 US primary elections, Asian companies closely tracking the results - BBC Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 March 2024 S’pore factory activity falters in February, albeit still in expansion mode - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 February 2024 Euro Watch: Qatar to invest €10bn in France. How will Europes second-biggest economy benefit? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 February 2024 What may be included in Singapores unemployment benefits for retrenched workers? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 February 2024 Red Sea shipping crisis stokes further inflation fears after Houthi attack - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 February 2024 Investing in sustainability efforts to remain competitive - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 6 February 2024 Avdiivka Is About to Fall - Newsweek - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 February 2024 Money in the Market: Will Japan’s economic boom sustain? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 January 2024 Euro Watch: India rolls out red carpet for Macron. France eyes lucrative trade deals - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 January 2024 Asian exporters face more Red Sea risks after US-led attacks on Houthis, alternative route adding to high costs - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 January 2024 Daily Cuts - World Economic Forum - Day 1 Wrap & Day 2 Lookahead - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 January 2024 Japan stocks surge to 34-year high, but rally could slow amid expected shift in monetary policy - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 January 2024 Euro Watch: Is Germanys economy struggling in 2024? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2023 20 December 2023 How will the world economy look in 2024 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 December 2023 Red Sea attacks threaten Asia’s holiday food imports, rattle supply chains: ‘stakes are high’ - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic and Prof. Jamus Lim 19 December 2023 Kyra Poh, The RecordBreaking Red Bull Skydiving Athlete On Dealing With The Stress Of Success - Tatler Asia - Kyra Poh, GBBA Student 17 December 2023 Augustman’s Big Luxury Conversation with Dr. Sonja Prokopec Associate Dean of Faculty, ESSEC Asia-Pacific - AugustMan - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 7 December 2023 Euro Watch: Can EU & Chinese leaders address trade imbalances at EU-China summit 2023? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 December 2023 A China rivalry twist emerges in Sri Lanka’s new US-funded, Indian-built port - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 December 2023 5 Leadership Lessons From OpenAI’s Week Of Drama - Forbes - Prof. Sam Garg 1 December 2023 Oil price decline eases Asia’s inflation fears as Opec production cuts disappoint - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 30 November 2023 Euro Watch: How 2,500-year-old Parthenon sculptures sparked a row between UK & Greece - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 30 November 2023 The art of premiumisation: What all brands can learn from the luxury sectors - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 27 November 2023 Beancounters in popular culture: The story behind the art - Forbes India - Prof. Mark Christensen 23 November 2023 Sam Altman returning to OpenAI as CEO - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 November 2023 Open AIs Sam Altmans surprise return - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 November 2023 The relationship between Sam Altman and the OpenAI board is ‘already broken’: Professor - CNBC - Prof. Sam Garg 16 November 2023 Euro Watch: David Cameron Makes Shock Return to British Politics. Good or Bad for PM Rishi Sunak? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 November 2023 When young workers quit jobs to pursue passion – and parents support them - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 2 November 2023 Euro Watch: Will UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunaks AI Summit Be A Success? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 October 2023 Euro Watch: Will EU leaders agree on a humanitarian pause in Gaza? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 October 2023 Investing in luxury assets can be a way of diversifying your investment portfolio - The Straits Times (Podcast) - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 October 2023 Euro Watch: Economic Ramifications of Hamas-Israel Conflict & EUs Financial Aid to Palestine - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 October 2023 Ant, Tencent ride tourism recovery to capture cross-border payments - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 October 2023 A.I. — An Enabler, Not A Solution - Storm Asia - Prof. Pierre Alquier 7 October 2023 Singaporeans and their struggle with the fear of being merely average - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 3 October 2023 China’s Belt and Road Shows the High Price of Beijing’s Money - Bloomberg - Prof. Jamus Lim 28 September 2023 Belting out a new tune or going down the same old road? - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 26 September 2023 Getting organised for AI - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 25 September 2023 China wants the EU to show its independence from the United States, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 September 2023 On the global stage, where are all the Singaporean CEOs? - The Straits Times - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 21 September 2023 Euro Watch: From Aid Double Standards to Climate Emergency at UN General Assembly - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 September 2023 MariBank raises interest rate on savings account to 2.88% as digital banks seek to draw customers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 September 2023 人工智能助力新加坡金融业 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Yan Li 31 August 2023 The Hikikomori Phenomenon - is Information Technology really to blame? - Forbes India - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 August 2023 Myths of strategy: Challenging assumptions and rethinking business - The Business Times - Prof. Jerome Barthelemy 10 August 2023 Euro Watch: China-Russia differences - Is there a turning point for the Ukraine conflict? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 31 July 2023 The promise and peril of artificial intelligence as a general purpose technology - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 July 2023 Euro Watch: War in Ukraine, food security and trade to be discussed in Russia-Africa summit and economic forum - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 July 2023 Loud is out: how brands can tap into the trend of quiet luxury - Campaign Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 20 July 2023 Euro Watch: Coping with Russias pulling out of the Black Sea Grain initiative - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 July 2023 Nadellas Microsoft Payouts Top $1 Billion on 1,000% Stock Boom - Bloomberg - Prof. Sam Garg 14 July 2023 Under the Radar: An inside look into the private education business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Reetika Gupta 11 July 2023 Ukraine’s grain supplies to Asia shrink as ‘lifeline’ Black Sea deal expiry looms - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 July 2023 Keeping AI in Check - China Daily - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 June 2023 Asia Tonight - Channel News Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 June 2023 Digital banks have to do more to woo customers in Singapore, say analysts - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 22 June 2023 Euro Watch: Ukraine Recovery Conference pledges billions in aid for war-torn country - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 June 2023 Young & Savvy: Looking past the glitz of luxury investment - The Straits Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 08 June 2023 Euro Watch: Why the EU did not flesh out framework to enhance engagement in Asia - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 June 2023 What are the objectives of the war in Ukraine? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 01 June 2023 Being kind will not diminish your authority, says business school leader - CNBC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 29 May 2023 Can Singapore’s new crop of digital banks achieve success? - International Banker (Online) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 May 2023 Singapore expects to avoid recession this year - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 May 2023 There may be some "fatigue" about the Russia-Ukraine war in the US - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 May 2023 How business school-honed soft skills and analytical savvy continue to fuel ICT trailblazers career 28 years on - The Business Times - Mireille (Mimi) Giraud, GBBA alumna 8 May 2023 A Match Made in Brand Heaven? - Portfolio - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 4 May 2023 From Hermes lamps to Dior chairs, luxury brands are pushing into furniture and home decor - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 May 2023 新加坡推进支付融合 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 May 2023 Narrative reviews: A powerful tool for businesses - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 13 Apr 2023 Crisis, crisis, everywhere - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Apr 2023 Effective Leadership in a Crisis - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Sam Garg 29 Mar 2023 Success is in the air for these Singapore skydivers - The Straits Times - Kyra Poh, ESSEC GBBA Participant 28 Mar 2023 The importance of imagination in todays economy - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 27 Mar 2023 Should We Bank On Banks? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 Mar 2023 China is Uniting Middle East—Thats Bad News for U.S. - Newsweek Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 Mar 2023 Asian central banks face little impact from US, Europe banking crisis - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 20 Mar 2023 ‘There’s a human cost’: Bumpy road ahead for UBS-Credit Suisse marriage in S’pore - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 Mar 2023 Credit Suisse to continue operating without interruption in S’pore following UBS rescue deal: MAS - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Mar 2023 Money Mind 2022/2023 - Bank Run - Channel News Asia - Prof. Rick Marchese 16 Mar 2023 Luxury leather bags could be your next cash cow - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 Mar 2023 SVB collapse: Asian start-ups largely unscathed but US Fed’s rate hikes raise spectre of wider crisis - SCMP - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 Mar 2023 Start-ups in Singapore to face more difficulties in fundraising after US bank failures, say experts and VCs - CNA - Prof. Vijay Yadav 13 Mar 2023 Supercore inflation: Why the Fed suddenly cares about your barbershop and plumbing bills - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 08 Mar 2023 Why is International Women’s Day important? - Tatler Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 07 Mar 2023 Generative AI: Friend or foe? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 20 Feb 2023 Brand Purpose and Responsible Marketing walk into a bar. They meet common sense - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 Feb 2023 From Grab to Ant, Singapores digital bank race picks up pace - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 Feb 2023 Singapore faces uneven recovery in 2023 with impact of China’s reopening still uncertain - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 12 Feb 2023 How GST Affects You - Storm Asia - Prof. Rick Marchese 9 Feb 2023 What happens when the guns fall silent? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 Feb 2023 Russia’s war with Ukraine has dragged on for a year. Amid the stalemate, Putin might give peace a chance - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Feb 2023 China’s Tencent wants to expand its presence in Singapore — and Chinese tourists are a big reason - CNBC - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 Jan 2023 Foreign university campuses in India: Is the move practical? - Forbes India 25 Jan 2023 Small entities can tackle big challenges - Bangkok Post - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 19 Jan 2023 “Digibank” division Major banks take the lead, Grab also participates (Translated) - Nikkei Financial - Prof. Jan Ondrus 18 Jan 2023 Twitter reverses its 2019 ban on political ads - The Business Times - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 Jan 2023 Academic research award: tipping point for action - The Financial Times - Prof Arijit Chatterjee 10 Jan 2023 Snapshots of the global economy going into 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 07 Jan 2023 China’s loss is Southeast Asia’s gain as supply chains shift away to cheaper climes - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 Jan 2023 Asean tech IPO drought likely to remain, startups may choose M&A instead - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 2022 28 Dec 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 26 Dec 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 9 Dec 2022 What Do The Signals Flag For Next Year? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 Nov 2022 Keeping the flames of free trade alive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 23 Nov 2022 The long and short of it: What makes CEOs decide? - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck-Siong Chung 17 Nov 2022 Realising the metaverse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 7 Nov 2022 Analysts mixed on GDP forecast for 2022 and 2023 after 3Q2022 advance estimates - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 Nov 2022 New buy now, pay later guidelines: S$2,000 cap a good start but not enough, experts say - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2 Nov 2022 More safeguards needed for ‘buy now, pay later’ scheme to protect younger consumers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 Oct 2022 Deconstructing ancient worlds to build our own: The case of education - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 14 Oct 2022 Singaporeans face another year of paying more for goods and services - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 Oct 2022 Learning to do business in an uncertain world - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 Sep 2022 Economists split on whether MAS tightening in October will be single or ‘double-barrelled’ move - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 Sep 2022 News from the World of Education - The Hindu - Prof. Reetika Gupta 21 Sep 2022 The return of corporate nationality - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 12 Sep 2022 Business schools steer a difficult course on carbon - Financial Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 Sep 2022 Asia Currencies Outlook - BBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Aug 2022 What the world can learn from Southeast Asia innovation - Forbes India - Prof. Julien Salanave-Pehe 24 Aug 2022 Is there any possibility for the rise of "Hikikomori" amid the escalation of virtual interaction? - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 23 Aug 2022 Mind Your Business: Strategic responses to ‘Grand Challenges’ in the business world - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 16 Aug 2022 女性科技市场预计到了2025年 产值能达到13亿美金 - 8World Online - Prof. Li Yan 16 Aug 2022 Why investors are selling off tech stocks and what’s next - Channel News Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 3 Aug 2022 Educators on empowering today’s students with the skills to flourish in tomorrow’s world - The Peak - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 Aug 2022 Crisis in Colombo - Frobes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 July 2022 How to engage with the new Asian luxury consumer - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 24 June 2022 The effect of Chinas tech crackdown - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 21 June 2022 In Malaysia, a big push towards going fully cashless - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 June 2022 What makes the e-CNY different from bitcoin? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 June 2022 Column-Crypto crash exposes regulators complacency: McGeever - Reuters - Prof. Jan Ondrus 03 June 2022 Why education must inculcate passion - The Peak Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 June 2022 Where will Russia’s oil and gas go? - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 May 2022 The risk of delisting for the US listed Chinese ADRs - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 May 2022 China’s tech industry growth loses steam as Tencent’s depressed earnings show impact of economic slowdown, analysts say - South China Morning Post - Prof. Daphne Liu 16 May 2022 Retail technology: shaping tomorrow’s stores and shoppers - WARC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 12 May 2022 \u200bFood Protectionism: Countries Restrict Exports for Security, Control Inflation - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 Apr 2022 The economic consequences of the war - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Apr 2022 China’s Didi says it won’t list elsewhere until after it leaves NYSE - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Daphne Lui 18 Apr 2022 Didi Says It Won’t List Elsewhere Until After It Leaves New York - Caixin Global - Prof. Daphne Lui 11 Apr 2022 Why It Matters: Marketing myopia and its implications - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 4 Apr 2022 Russian war-crimes in Ukraine - Channel News Asia TV (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Apr 2022 More women find work opportunities amid the pandemic - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2 Apr 2022 Behind the metaverse real estate rush - Tech In Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 28 Mar 2022 China likely to ease tech crackdown as undue scrutiny hurts economy - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 24 Mar 2022 Grab, Sea price slump could affect S-E Asian unicorns going public - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 Mar 2022 Preventing a burnout - My Winet - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 19 Mar 2022 Preventing a burnout - The Star - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 18 Mar 2022 Infusing Tomorrow’s Leadership With Meaning – An Interview With Vincenzo Vinzi, Dean Of ESSEC Business School - Forbes 8 Mar 2022 Asia’s femtech revolution: the quest for better women’s health - Financial Times (Online) - Prof. Yan Li 6 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Viva Online - Prof. Yan Li 3 Mar 2022 Is the Ukraine war the start of a new world order? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Mar 2022 Minding the very visible hand of geopolitics in business - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 3 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: The quest for better womens health - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Yan Li 2 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 1 Mar 2022 Words On War — The Battle In Ukraine - Storm Asia- Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 Feb 2022 ESSEC deans take on the modern MBA - The Straits Times - Dean Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 16 Feb 2022 Russia - Ukraine Tension - Al Jazeera (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 Feb 2022 Wed Web Chat - Big Data 101 - Storm Asia - Prof. Yan Li 14 Feb 2022 How can Ukraine-Russia conflict unfold? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Feb 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - Singapore Law Watch - Prof. Jan Ondrus 8 Feb 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - The Business Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 Feb 2022 Not your usual...marketing museums with Asian Civilisations Museum - Marketing Connected - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 Feb 2022 Forging a new economic growth model for India - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 31 Jan 2022 Strong interest in SGXs first Spacs but still too early to judge performance, say observers - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 28 Jan 2022 Russia - Ukraine Crisis - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 Jan 2022 Bank of Singapores Stephenie Teo joins Eastspring Investments as Director, Organisation Development - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 25 Jan 2022 Soul of business: The business of raising money for charity - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 18 Jan 2022 Ride-sharing giant Careem is pushing to reach super-app status - WIRED - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 Jan 2022 Will it be a bumpy road ahead for femtech in Southeast Asia? - TechWire Asia - Prof. Yan Li 10 Jan 2022 Musings on a brand new year - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 4 Jan 2022 Digital banks seen debuting strongly in 2022, but long and difficult path to profitability - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2021 22 Dec 2021 Spacs recover momentum, but lose some of their shine - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 16 Dec 2021 Commentary: Why workers are seduced by the cult of optimal busyness - Channel News Asia - Prof. Ioana Lupu 16 Dec 2021 The rise of special purpose acquisition (SPACs) - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 6 Dec 2021 Are leaders or employees responsible for career growth? - Human Resource Director Magazine (Online) - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 3 Dec 2021 Singaporean superapp Grab IPOs – badly – and promises to focus on maps and money - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 Dec 2021 5 Emerging Cities in China Luxury Brands Cannot Overlook - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 26 Nov 2021 See you in the metaverse: How VR and NFTs could transform commerce - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 26 Nov 2021 Weekly Wrap up: DBS suffers worst disruption in a decade - the implications - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 Nov 2021 MAS says DBS digital services outage is serious; analysts expect bank to be fined for broad and material impact - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 Nov 2021 Orchard Road blooms with Christmas florals in annual festive light-up - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 11 Nov 2021 When will corporations rule states? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Nov 2021 Doubling down on deals: How 11.11 became a double-digit sale phenomenon - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 10 Nov 2021 Why aren’t many Singaporeans happy at work? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 Nov 2021 From identity crisis to embracing my multinational background — here’s how I do it - Today - Alexandre Loo, GBBA alumnus 29 Oct 2021 Singapores labour market on the upswing as it gradually reopens borders: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Oct 2021 Asias ESG talent crunch - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 29 Oct 2021 Why the future belongs to gymnastic enterprises - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 Oct 2021 Diversification away from Taiwan chipmakers is necessary - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 18 Oct 2021 Blending purpose and profit - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 15 Oct 2021 Smaller negative output gap likely by 2022 - The Business TImes - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Singapores output gap tipped to close earliest by mid-2022 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Q3 GDP growth skids to 6.5% in absence of circuit breaker effect in Q2 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Learn beyond your job scope to be future-ready - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, Alumna, EMBA APAC 29 Sep 2021 IMDAs ruling on StarHub-MyRepublic deal will signal regulator tolerance for consolidation - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 22 Sep 2021 Game of alliances between China and the US after Afghanistan chapter - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 Sep 2021 Meet the founder of your watch collector’s favourite accessories shop - The Peak Singapore - Mouna Nassier 2 Sep 2021 How the world became dangerous again - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Sep 2021 As more investors start young, experts urge platforms to promote healthy trading - Channel News Asia (Online) - Prof. Vijay Yadav 31 Aug 2021 Sonja Prokopec, LVMH chaired professor of marketing at ESSEC Business School - Robb Report Singapore 31 Aug 2021 Telcos, solutions providers tipped to join hands for 5G era - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 Aug 2021 Spirituality and Confucianism to embrace a better future of innovation - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 Aug 2021 Analysts keep 2021 GDP estimates unchanged even after increase in official GDP forecast - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Aug 2021 Singapore plays catch-up with Taiwan as chip investments soar - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 6 Aug 2021 Analysts expect Keppel Corp to monetise SPHs non-core assets; acquisition expected to be EPS accretive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Daphne Lui 31 July 2021 Green Bonds, Shareholder Activism, and the Importance of ESG Investing - TransFin - Prof. Vijay Yadav 30 July 2021 Understanding diversity within Muslim market vital in business expansion planning - New Straits Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 24 July 2021 Femtech: More than periods and pregnancy - The Business Times - Prof. Yan Li 15 July 2021 Prioritising femtech in Southeast Asia: Opportunities and challenges - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 15 July 2021 Carro and Carsome: Valuations run fast and furious, but true test lies in fintech - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chun 14 July 2021 Singapores Fashion and Museum Industry [Broadcast] - CNA938 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 July 2021 Q2 GDP may dip from Q1 but recovery still on track: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 July 2021 Can Singapore survive a global minimum tax? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 July 2021 The case for a global minimum tax - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 July 2021 Luxury should be Exquisite, not Exclusive - The Storm Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 6 July 2021 Investors may adjust China risk appetite after Didi crackdown - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 1 July 2021 Sun Tzu and the US-China war games - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 June 2021 Will Southeast Asia be a leader in Islamic Marketing - The Halal Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 June 2021 Why Southeast Asia will be the leader in Islamic Marketing - Marketing Interactive - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 June 2021 Targeting groups can boost retail sales in Singapore - The Business Times - Prof. Reetika Gupta 15 June 2021 Doing good while doing well: The case of business IT initiatives - Forbes India - Prof. Li Yan 7 June 2021 Biden, vaccine diplomacy and responsible innovation: time to quell our egos? - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 1 June 2021 Geopolitical landscape and geopolitical issues in Asia - Bloomberg Radio (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 May 2021 The relationship between gender, mentoring and career success - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 May 2021 Singapore economy grows 1.3% in Q1 but no change to GDP forecast for 2021 - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 May 2021 Singapores 1Q21 GDP "pleasant surprise"; economist mostly keep 2021 GDP growth forecast between 5.5 % to 8% - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 May 2021 Singapore Q1 GDPs upside surprise muted by Covid-19 resurgence, outlook to remain - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 05 May 2021 Marketing and Artificial Intelligence: Pitfalls and Possibilities - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Arnaud De Bryun 14 Apr 2021 Impact on social cohesiveness on ones shopping habits - CNA938 (Radio) - Prof. Reetika Gupta 14 Apr 2021 TEDx 2021: How can we reconcile progress and sustainability? - Eco-Business 30 Mar 2021 Can we develop innovative and responsible social networks? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 Mar 2021 When feeling guilty and regretful can boost our goal-achievement rate - Digicon Asia- Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 Mar 2021 Chinas journey to join the CPTPP will be closely watched - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Feb 2021 Singapore taxi giant challenges Grab with ride-hailing trial - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 Jan 2021 Singapore - 10th edition of iMagination Week at ESSEC - Le Petit Journal, Singapore - Prof. Xavier Pavie How to resolve conflicts between co-workers - HRD Asia - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2020 24 Dec 2020 From bipolarisation to bifurcation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 24 Dec 2020 New Cold War, or new frontlines? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 Dec 2020 Secure ecosystem is key in fast payment access for non-bank e-wallet players - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 Nov 2020 Weekly Money FM Podcasts: What businesses can do for sustainability - The Straits Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 25 Nov 2020 Rethinking innovation in a post-pandemic world - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 Nov 2020 The need to re-think innovation in a post-pandemic world - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 18 Nov 2020 Seven reasons for Alibabas success - Digital Commerce 360 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 9 Nov 2020 Why is responsible innovation all the more important in the 21st century and is there a business case for it? - CNA938 [Facebook] - Prof. Xavier Pavie 7 Nov 2020 Pay later, not never: What buy now, pay later spells for consumer debt and the easy credit business model - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 6 Nov 2020 Responsible Innovation (Broadcast) - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Xavier Pavie 30 Oct 2020 US under Trump: Diminished or unambiguously worse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 Oct 2020 U.K Says No To More BREXIT Trade Talks with EU - CNBC Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 Sep 2020 Safeguards to prevent abuse of tourism voucher scheme - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 10 Sep 2020 Radio Interview on the Escalating US-China Tension - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Aug 2020 Take your experience further - Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 Jul 2020 Escalating tensions between the US and China - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Jul 2020 The Textile and Fashion Federation Welcomes New President and Members of Council - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 Jul 2020 Wirecard scandal puts audit firms, not fintechs, in hot seat - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 Jun 2020 How to build a stronger business magnet - The Business Times Views From The Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 24 Jun 2020 Is Now the Right Time to Study an Executive MBA? - QS Top MBA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 Jun 2020 Personal Finance in the age of social media - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Chung 28 May 2020 The battle between niche and accessible luxury brands for young Chinese Consumer begins - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 May 2020 Reopening Singapore Inc a balancing act - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 8 May 2020 Countries in the Middle East are easing coronavirus restrictions. Heres what experts have to say - CNBC Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 May 2020 The Pros and Cons of Flash Sales in China - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 5 May 2020 Robo-advisers hold steady as COVID-19 presents first big test - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 4 May 2020 Coronavirus: China wins the battle but can lose the war - La Tribune - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 Apr 2020 Onine MBA programmes emerge as pandemic prompts temporary closure - Singapore Business Review 28 Apr 2020 Strategies towards impactful corporate philanthropy in the 2020s - Green Pulse - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 24 Apr 2020 Prepping Spore firms for life after COVID-19 - The Business Times - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 17 Apr 2020 Business-government relations in a time of coronavirus - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 16 Apr 2020 The political game of CEOs: How to play it right - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestoroic 8 Apr 2020 Macroview on the impact of COVID-19 on Geopolitics - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Apr 2020 What Philosophy teaches us about the Coronavirus Pandemic - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Mar 2020 Why firms internal processes may determine the business impact of COVID-19 - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 19 Mar 2020 Xavier Pavie, Philosophie critique de l’innovation et de l’innovateur - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie March 2020 How are educators dealing with the new coronavirus? - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 1 Mar 2020 The coronavirus problem is worse in Iran than it is in Italy - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 Feb 2020 Put on your thinking cap - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 Feb 2020 Budget moves prioritise viable firms for a reason - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 Feb 2020 Budget 2020s short-term stimulus could be smaller than it seems - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Feb 2020 4th Edition of Luxury Symposium - Retail in Asia 10 Feb 2020 Have multi-currency account, will travel?: How far will new multi-currency players go in the payments game? - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 Feb 2020 Developing a global mindset - The Straits Times 23 Jan 2020 Singapore fares well in health and education on global social mobility index - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 Jan 2020 Trumps support for Irans protesters could actually be worse for them, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 06 Jan 2020 Singapore charts path on green finance - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 2019 12 Dec 2019 Dont think Labour will have any great achievement in the UK Election - CNBC Broadcast - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Dec 2019 Responsible Innovation: Why sustainability and eco-mindsets matter - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 22 Nov 2019 Singapores Green Finance Ecosystem - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Jamus Lim 22 Nov 2019 Empowering Sustainability through innovation - Asia Pacific Biotech News 21 Nov 2019 Firms should leverage EU - Singapore FTA Perks - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 Nov 2019 Why luxury brands like Christian Dior have a strong DNA - The Drum - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 Oct 2019 ESSEC Business School Programs Ranked Top Three Worldwide: QS 2020 - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 10 Oct 2019 Russia has been consistent in Syria - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Oct 2019 HRM FIVE: Why emotional intelligence is a vital metric for hirers - HRM Asia - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 16 Sep 2019 A look at the geography of the attacks on Saudis oilfield - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 Sep 2019 A*STAR, JTC and Science Centre Singapore organise one-north Festival 2019 - Biospectrum Asia 13 Sep 2019 The One-North Festival Opens With A Focus on Sustainability - The Straits Times 24 Aug 2019 Back to school: Is the Singapore Global Schoolhouse Back in Business? - The Business Times - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 12 Aug 2019 CHEXIT: China might just exit the multilateral order, if the US pushes it too hard - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestotovic 4 Aug 2019 Doubling her success - The Sunday Times - Mrs. Carisa Mann, EMBA Alumna 24 July 2019 A no-deal BREXIT may be the most realistic scenario - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 July 2019 Walking the tech talk - The Sunday Times - Mo Dirani, GMBA Alumni 4 July 2019 We are used to having drama over top EU job nominations - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 Jun 2019 Does Chinas Embrace of the Circular Economy may set an example for the west - Green in Future - Prof. Xavier Pavie 26 Jun 2019 Trumps trade war and the clash of civilisations - ASEAN Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Jun 2019 Boris Johnson has good chances with the members of the party - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Jun 2019 Transforming the Singapore retail Experience - Future IoT - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 May 2019 Issues at European election include nationalism and immigration - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 May 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - SGSME - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 May 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 May 2019 Meat alternatives with a bite - The Straits Times - ESSEC Business School 7 May 2019 Beyond 2030 - The Journal [ACCJ] - Prof. Kevyn Yong 6 May 2019 Workforce of the future - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 3 May 2019 Honestbee CEO replaced; firm said to be sticking to habitat growth - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 Apr 2019 Global Strategist Parag Khanna On Why Hes Bullish About Asia - Singapore Tatler - The ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific 23 Apr 2019 Jewel: Just one facet of growth - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 Apr 2019 Grab Food may be secret sauce for tasty margins - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 Apr 2019 A plan for the Singapore of tomorrow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 Apr 2019 Ubers Singapore hub a signal more will follow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 Apr 2019 Huawei: A victim or a cause of the divide between the west and China? - Financial Director - Prof. Yan Li and Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 Mar 2019 The 25 best MBA programs in the world for ambitious entrepreneurs - Business Insider Singapore 24 Mar 2019 Not all business as usual as Thailand finally heads to the poll - The Edge - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 Mar 2019 Econ 4.0: How agile are you? - The Edge Markets - Prof. Kevyn Yong 20 Mar 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The World News - Prof. Jan Ondrus 20 Mar 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 Mar 2019 BREXIT will become even more messier, analyst says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Mar 2019 The 20 Best Business Schools For Women In 2019 - Business Because 26 Feb 2019 Trump, Kim must announce something substantial - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 Feb 2019 Going Global - The Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 Feb 2019 Cisco invests S$25m in cybersecurity centre and first S-E Asian co-innovation hub in Spore - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 11 Feb 2019 GrabFood turns kitchen heat up a notch by going onto main menu - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 Feb 2019 How much value can creativity bring to the business? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Jan 2019 Geopolitics: MBAs evolve to help students navigate global chaos - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 Jan 2019 UK general election more likely than second BREXIT referendum - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 Jan 2019 From Carlos-san to Ghosn yougisha (suspects) - Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 Jan 2019 Whats next after the rejection of Theresa Mays "BREXIT" agreement? - Metro Mexico - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Jan 2019 Why is Singapore unafraid of slower growth globally? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Jan 2019 A Global Perspective- The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 Jan 2019 Ghosn saga a lesson for everyone at the helm - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 Jan 2019 Europe-building is OVER Business analyst reveals WHY 2019 will DOOM Junckers EU dream - The New York Times Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Jan 2019 EU fears parliament election more than BREXIT claims Professor - The Express UK - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Jan 2019 EU elections in May 2019 are a big concern - Yahoo Finance - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 Jan 2019 EU elections in May 2019 are a big concern - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2018 18 Dec 2018 Tour Versailles in Singapore - The Straits Times 24 Dec 2018 Shopping, interrupted - The Edge Singapore (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 Dec 2018 Masters and MBA Inside Peek - Postgrad.com - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 Dec 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavorable position - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 Dec 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavourable position - Yahoo News Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Dec 2018 Why are more people from the APAC applying for MBAs? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Vincenzo Vinzi 19 Nov 2018 Mind the financial gaps - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 Nov 2018 Finding Fintechs purpose - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 Nov 2018 Fostering closer relations: China to tap potential in trade and investment with ASEAN and Singapore - China Daily - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 Nov 2018 ASEAN fund passporting initiative good for branding, but more cooperation needed - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 Nov 2018 How to put innovation into action? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Oct 2018 Leveraging artificial intelligence for enterprise innovation - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Kevyn Yong 22 Oct 2018 Searching for Gold in the Silver Economy - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 15 Oct 2018 From Scores to Skills - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 Oct 2018 Helping AI Embrace Empathy - Asian Scientist 3 Oct 2018 There are now higher chances for a second referendum on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 Sep 2018 How to put innovation into action: Xavier Pavie of ESSEC explains - FOCUS Magazine - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 20 Sep 2018 Confident there will be a BREXIT deal, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 Sep 2018 SIGEF 2018: Building a sustainable, inclusive future - The Online Citizen 8 Sep 2018 Degree in Disruption: Executive MBAs take a tech turn - Japan Today - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 Sep 2018 Degree in Disruption - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 Sep 2018 Why the US runs current account deficits - The EDGE Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Aug 2018 Tiffany Paper Flowers x Generation T - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 21 Aug 2018 Can these ambitious marketing students prove their degree was worth it? - Campaign Asia 20 Aug 2018 ESSEC and A*STAR collaborate to host science communications competition at one-north Festival - French Chamber Singapore 19 Aug 2018 5 Minutes with ESSEC Business School - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Singapore Tatler 9 Aug 2018 Geopolitics primer for Managers - The Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Aug 2018 Why managers should learn about Geopolitics - The Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Aug 2018 Is a marketing degree really necessary? - CampaignAsia.com 6 Aug 2018 Future Economy Deepens on Tech Experimentation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 Aug 2018 EZ - Link plans to turn cards into e-wallets with digital push - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 July 2018 France and Singapore deepen innovation and research cooperation - Embassy of France in Singapore 18 July 2018 Singapore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - French Chamber Singapore 16 July 2018 Nothing spectacular is expected from the EU - China summit - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 July 2018 在人工智能等领域合作 新法数机构交换多项备忘录 - Lianhe Zaobao 14 July 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - Asia News Network 14 July 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 Singapore and France ink deal for startups - Singapore Business Review 13 July 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 July 2018 MoU signed to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 July 2018 Spore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 MoUs signed to help Singapore, French enterprises innovate - The Business Times 13 July 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises, connect, innovate - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 Spore could explore housing regulators, start-ups under one roof: Chan Chun Sing - TODAY ONLINE 13 July 2018 ESSEC Business School to help connect Singapore startups, networks with counterparts in France - The Business Times 2 July 2018 Using less cash - The Business Times, Views from the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 July 2018 "Radical Changes" in German politics are unexpected - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 July 2018 Smoother Delivery - The Sunday Times Postgrad Studies II - Mr. Ivan Fernandez 28 June 2018 ESSEC & Singapores Supply Chain and Logistics Academy Announce MoU to improve logistics capabilities of local SMEs - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 21 June 2018 Customer can tap PayNow to pay bills, receive money from companies from Aug 13 - TODAYonline - Prof. Kevyn Yong 8 June 2018 There is an "asymmetric situation between China and Russia" - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 June 2018 Innovating in a service-driven economy: How business models are evolving? - FOCUS Magazine - Prof. Xavier Pavie 6 June 2018 Advisory council on ethical use of AI to be set up - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 4 June 2018 Education arms race fuelling inequality; solution to improve income alongside access - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 May 2018 Bid to enable public transit payments via GrabPay - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 May 2018 France - SG think-tank releases 2018 report highlighting human needs amid the rise of AI - Enterprise Innovation 24 May 2018 Italys new government has some "maneuver room" on policies - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2018 Is Asian leadership a default concept? - Faculti.net - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2018 Wooing China with online buzz at Cannes - The Straits Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 21 May 2018 LOreal cakes on Cannes digital gloss because Chinas worth it - The Business Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 17 May 2018 Responsible Innovation - Faculti.net - Prof. Xavier Pavie 10 May 2018 Mind Your Business - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 5 May 2018 The Big Read: The Rise of AI, and how lives will be forever changed - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 3 May 2018 Career 360 - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 30 April 2018 Wooing and retaining talent - The Business Times Views form the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 17 April 2018 Re-designing education through imagination - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 April 2018 Dual-class shares controversial but evidence of dangers still limited - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 April 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - SGSME.SG 14 April 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - The Business Times 12 April 2018 Re-designing education through imagination - BBN TImes - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 April 2018 UOBs Finlab to help SMEs with digital transformation- The Edge Singapore 12 April 2018 7 Local businesses selected for SME accelerator programme in Singapore - SGSME.SG 12 April 2018 Luxurys happy problem: what to do with 17.4 B euros in cash - The Business Times - Prof. Ashok Som 11 April 2018 Hossan Leongs Top 3 Picks For Voilah! 2018 - 8 Days Singapore 7 April 2018 Why adaptability and creativity are more important than ever in an age of disruption - The Peak - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 2 April 2018 Ubers sale of Southeast Asia operations to Grab leaves drivers, riders at a loss - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 23 March 2018 The UK and European Union are moving ahead on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 March 2018 Tatler Table: Building Purposeful Businesses Through Innovation - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 March 2018 Open source and Big Data are the backbones of Smart Cities - News Tank Cities - Prof. Yan Li 19 March 2018 French-Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of AI - Enterprise Innovation 18 March 2018 Standing out in a crowd - The Sunday Times 14 March 2018 Mind your business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 13 March 2018 French - Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of human needs amid the rise of AI - NewFotuneTimes.com 12 March 2018 How should Singapore adapt the Goods and Services Tax for the e-commerce era? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 Feb 2018 Italian elections should see a strong voter turnout - CNBC - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 Feb 2018 What does Singapore have to fear from escalating protectionism in the US? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 Feb 2018 Intuition in the age of information - Asian Scientist - Prof. Li Yan 24 Feb 2018 Going places - The Straits Times Beyond A-Levels Feb 2018 Seven reasons for Alibabas ground-breaking success - Retail Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 3 Feb 2018 Best of both worlds -The Straits Times Scholars Choice II 31 Jan 2018 Experience Required: Luxury Marketing for a New Era - The Singapore Marketer - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 23 Jan 2018 The talks to form a German government are welcome, but.... - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Jan 2018 Much ado about business - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2017 22 December 2017 ESSEC Business School appoints new Dean and President - French Chamber Singapore 22 December 2017 Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi nommé Directeur général de lESSEC - le Petit Journal Singapour 21 December 2017 ESSEC gets new Dean - Astroawani.com 18 December 2017 Imagination as the source of innovation - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 December 2017 Brussels Warned: Eastern EU states will use Brexit to force huge power shift in the EU - Express.co.uk 14 December 2017 Theresa May could soon turn an important corner in Brexit talks - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 November 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the top in the world - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 28 November 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the best in the world - Press Release 01 November 2017 How emotional intelligence impacts salary - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - HRM Asia 25 October 2017 Why Emotional Intelligence is key to emotional success - Business Because 25 October 2017 Build your future with new skills - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Business Times 17 October 2017 The secret to a high salary? Emotional Intelligence - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Guardian 10 October 2017 Will Catalonias Puigdemont stick to his guns? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 5 October 2017 My Teaching Journey - Prof. Mark Christensen - Parents Guide Asia 3 October 2017 ESSEC Business School earns its AMBA accreditation and the "triple crown" - French Chamber Singapore 29 September 2017 Catalonia independence referendum has a strong economic angle - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 September 2017 Many recipes but Singapores cashless still not sated - The Business Times 28 September 2017 The 15 most popular Masters in Finance for getting a job in Singapore banking - eFinancial Careers 13 September 2017 Payment by phone soon as Nets card goes digital - The Straits Times 8 September 2017 Razer keeps promise and submits unified e-payment proposal - The Straits Times 28 August 2017 The biggest sticking point in Brexit negotiations - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 16 August 2017 Enriched by his overseas experience - The Business Times 13 August 2017 Gateway to greater heights - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The Sunday Times 7 August 2017 Taking the pulse of healthcare regulation - AsianScientist 12 July 2017 Has global finance reached its peak? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 2 July 2017 Business matters - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 20 June 2017 Brexit: No total agreement in near future - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 19 June 2017 ESSEC 3rd in the Financial Times 2017 Masters in Finance Ranking - Press Release 19 June 2017 Learning by doing seen in action - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Asiaone 13 June 2017 Switching (career) gears - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Resource Director Online May 2017 A Durable Dollar - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - A Plus - Hong Kong Institute of CPA 29 May 2017 ESSEC Business Schools MSc in Management Ranks 4th in the Inaugural MIM Ranking by The Economist - Press Release May to Oct 2017 Faut-il innover à tout prix? - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal - Singapour 23 May 2017 UKs Theresa May must organize the Brexit divorce - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 8 May 2017 What surprised in the French election - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 2 May 2017 Macron’s gamble may yet backfire on Sunday - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The National (Abu Dhabi) 25 April 2017 Now the real battle for the French presidency begins - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Big News Network.com 13 April 2017 MBA Admissions Guide - The Inside Peek, Part 3 - Postgrad.com 13 April 2017 Is your REIT paying its manager too much? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 7 April 2017 Dividend-focused ASEAN ETF offers high yield with emerging market growth rates - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Edge Singapore 5 April 2017 WhatsApp convoite le marché des paiements en Inde - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Les Echos.fr 27 March 2017 Presidents of Spore, France celebrate close bilateral ties - The Straits Times 8 March 2017 The Cost of the MBA is Putting Women Off Business School - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - Business Because Online 5 March 2017 Interview of Global BBA student Janice Liu-The Sunday Times 25 February 2017 Interview of Associate Academic Director of the Global BBA - Prof. Reetika Gupta - The Straits Times 13 February 2017 The challenge ahead: Ensuring innovation across the economy - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 24 January 2017 Before innovating, one must first imagine - or learn how to - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 18 January 2017 Time to relook monetary policy in Singapore? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 17 January 2017 iMagination Week à l’ESSEC. Penser le futur de la cité avec créativité - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal Singapour 14 January 2017 Governments grapple with globalization backlash - Prof. Radu Vranceanu - The Business Times 14 January 2017 Setting future goals- Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Megan Chong - The Straits Times 10 January 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - Singapore Law Watch 10 January 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 8 January 2017 Nurturing a global mindset - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Sunday Times 5 January 2017 New landscapes being drawn on Singapores innovation canvas - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 3 January 2017 Startups in spotlight last year for driving record venture capital outlay in Spore - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 2016 29 December 2016 Tech advancements will drive business trends in 2017 - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 23 December 2016 Ces mythes, contes et légendes qui nous projettent aujourd’hui dans les fantasmes du passé - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Le Temps 16 December 2016 4 things Spore can do in the face of deglobalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 9 December 2016 Shifting narrative on the rupee demonetisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 7 December 2016 Singapore Business Review honours top leaders and companies at the Management Excellence Awards and Business Rankings Awards - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami and Prof. Jan Ondrus - Singapore Business Review 5 December 2016 Changing times require new tools for risk management - Prof. Marie Kratz and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Asia Insurance Review 2 December 2016 The Big Read: Amber alert as Singapore slips in several world rankings - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Today 29 November 2016 Old-school taxi firms under siege from agile new players - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 25 November 2016 Help those whove lost out from globalisation - The Straits Times 25 November 2016 Stay open, but tweak domestic policies to cope with globalisation: DPM Tharman - Today 25 November 2016 DPM Tharmans 3 ways to save the open economy - The Business Times 25 November 2016 尚达曼:我国应更努力协助遭全球化趋势边缘化群体 - Lianhe Zaobao 25 November 2016 Première édition des Rencontres économiques in Singapore - Lepetitjournal.com 25 November 2016 Help Those Losing Out from Globalisation - REACH Singapore 24 November 2016 Pushing the inclusive prosperity envelope in an age of nativism - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - The Business Times 24 November 2016 Active Public Policies Needed to Help Those Hurt by Global Trade: Tharman - Channel NewsAsia Online 24 November 2016 Spores unique tack on financial globalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 18 November 2016 Earning an MBA: A Game-Changer - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - HR in Asia 17 November 2016 Branching Out: New International Campus Developments - Wonkhe 14 November 2016 HRs to Know: Engaging in Effective C-suite Discussions - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 14 November 2016 纬壹科技城起步谷 明年推出另三厂房 - Lianhe Zaobao 9 November 2016 Driverless taxis: Lessons on innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Enterprise Innovation 9 November 2016 Islamic market offers plethora of opportunities - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 8 November 2016 Entrepreneurship in Focus at LEADCON 2016 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 2 November 2016 ESSEC Business School Tweaks its Global MBA - MBA Today 28 October 2016 ESSEC Business School Renews its Global MBA Program to Create Influential Leaders - HR in Asia 22 October 2016 Travails of inflation-targeting - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Financial Express 21 October 2016 4th Health Policy Decision Makers Forum Asia-Pacific organized by ESSEC Business School in partnership with Peking University - Press Release 14 October 2016 ESSEC Business School renews its Global MBA - Press Release 4 October 2016 本地首位学者出任法国ESSEC亚太校区院长 - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Lianhe Zaobao 30 September 2016 “Organisations in Singapore Place an Informal Emphasis on the Mentor-Mentee Relationship”: Prof Kevyn Yong, ESSEC Asia Pacific - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 16 September 2016 How far should companies go to cater to Muslim travellers? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - TTG Asia 16 September 2016 MPH: Cornerstones of Spores success - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 14 September 2016 ESSEC Business School Asia-Pacific Reinforces Commitment to Regional Education Scene - Press Release 14 August 2016 Taking every opportunity to learn - The Sunday Times 24 July 2016 Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Caitlin Vasseur - The Sunday Times 19 July 2016 The seven reasons for Alibaba’s success - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Retail News Asia 18 July 2016 UK real estate funds: Back to basics - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 12 July 2016 Second Edition of Veolia’s Think Tank Asia Calls on Industry to Create Sustainable Innovation - Press Release 3 July 2016 A catalyst to promote talent - Interview of Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic for the ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific - The Sunday Times 1 July 2016 MAS to clarify use of cloud computing by banks - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - Business Times 1 July 2016 Fintech disruption: It’s the tech giants that should be worried - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 30 June 2016 Singapore Tonight - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 28 June 2016 Why UK voted to leave the EU - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 June 2016 Londons status as Renminbi clearing hub at risk following Brexit: Analysts - Interview with Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - ChannelNewsAsia 21 June 2016 Is enough being done to attract Muslim travellers to Singapore? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Marketing Interactive 20 June 2016 Croesus Retail Trusts internalisation of manager could boost its valuation - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 8 June 2016 ESSEC MBA Students Are At The Forefront Of The Luxury Industry’s Digital Revolution - BusinessBecause.com 2 May 2016 French student creates Chinese language learning platform - CCTV.com 14 April 2016 Chasing After Entrepreneurial Dreams - Mr. Keivin Cheng, ESSEC Global BBA Student - BrightSparks 29 Mar 2016 艺术品金融的财富效益几何？亚洲艺术品金融商学院成立 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Sohu.com 12-13 Mar 2016 Zen of jewellery - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 7 Mar 2016 PwC, ESSEC Business School team to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Enterprise Innovation 6 Mar 2016 Beauty and the East: How China inspired the Art Deco movement - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - SCMP Post Magazine 5 Mar 2016 Interview of ESSEC Global BBA student Mr. Keivin Cheng - The Straits Times 26 Feb 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - French Chamber Singapore 23 Feb 2016 Following a Double Trajectory - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - BizEd Magazine 23 Feb 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Press Release 23 Feb 2016 How to turn counterfeit consumers into real ones - Prof. Anne-Flore Mamam Larraufie - Marketing Interactive 23 Feb 2016 ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA 2015 Cohort graduates today - Press Release 21 Feb 2016 Interview of ESSEC BBA Alumna Ms. Valerie Chan and Prof. Martine Bronner - The Sunday Times 8 Feb 2016 L’ESSEC Asia-Pacific, UN CAMPUS QUI JETTE DES PONTS ENTRE L’ASIE ET L’EUROPE - Prof. Martine Bronner - JournalDesGrandesEcoles.com 5 Feb 2016 The Fight for Islamic Economy Leadership - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Capital Leadership Institute 22 Jan 2016 LVMH preserves, transmits luxury craftsmanship in new ESSEC chair - Luxury Daily 22 Jan 2016 A partnership between the Château de Versailles and ESSEC promoting exceptional savoir-faire - Press Release 13 Jan 2016 Tomorrows business leaders need high ethical standards - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 11 Jan 2016 Deals by Ascendas HTrust, Saizen REIT are harbingers of change for REIT sector - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 6 Jan 2016 iMagination Week at ESSEC Business School, Asia-Pacific - Press Release 2015 17 Dec 2015 Managing risk is about raising societys resilience - Dr. Michel Dacorogna, Prof. Marie Kratz, and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 10 Dec 2015 Fashion houses hiring women CEOs - Prof. Simon Nyeck - The Straits Times 10 Dec 2015 Veolia Water Technologies Hosts First Think Tank Asia - Press Release Dec 2015 디지털 혁명 시대의 럭셔리 브랜드, ‘제왕적 카리스마’ 버리고 ‘소통’ DNA 장착하라 - Mr. Denis Morisset - Dong-A Business Review 18 Nov 2015 Learning business through Asian lens - Business Times Oct-Nov 2015 ESSEC, the prestigious business school remains in the global top 3 best masters in management in 2015 - Newsletter of the French Embassy in Singapore n°2 1 Oct 2015 Is crowdfunding the new venture capitalism or even better? - Prof. Fabrice Cavarretta - The Business Times 29 Sep 2015 Q&A with Professor Jean-Michel Blanquer - HQ Asia 21-27 Sep 2015 Will the China crisis be a trigger for financial innovation? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 17 Sep 2015 Masters Management - HEC et lESSEC à nouveau sur le podium du classement Financial Times - Lepetitjournal.com (in French) 10 Sep 2015 Asking the deeper question - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Headhunt Executive Education Guide 2015 (PDF) 8 Sep 2015 Learning luxury from the masters at ESSEC - PhilippineTatler.com 3 Sep 2015 The impact of smart cities - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 1 Sep 2015 Tools to manage risks from large economies long overdue - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 12 Aug 2015 Public policy and healthcare provision: Virtuous spirals at work - Prof. Gérard de Pouvourville - Enterprise Innovation 4 Aug 2015 JTC LaunchPad@one-north holds inaugural showcase - Channel NewsAsia 23 Jun 2015 Talking Talent with your CEO - HRMAsia 27 May 2015 ESSEC Opens a New Campus in Singapore - MBA Today 23-24 May 2015 The art of widening tastes - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 11 May 2015 New Business Degree - The Edge Singapore 7 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore - French Chamber in Hong Kong 7 May 2015 Another French business school expands in Asia - NIKKEI Asian Review 6 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - AsiaOne.com 6 May 2015 Festival Voilah! - Ouverture en 3D (French) - Le Petit Journal 5 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - The Straits Times 5 May 2015 French business ESSEC opens new campus here - Business Times 5 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - French Chamber Singapore 4 May 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France 法国埃塞克高等商学院 亚太分校本地开幕 - Channel 8 News Online (in Chinese) 4 May 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France - ChannelNewsAsia 4 May 2015 New business degree programme from ESSEC to be available in September - ChannelNewsAsia 4 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in Singapore - Singapore Economic Development Board 4 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - Press Release 4 Mar 2015 Jean Michel Blanquer - Avec son nouveau campus, l’enjeu pour l’ESSEC est de développer une identité bi-continentale (French) - Le Petit Journal Feb 2015 Why corporate governance matters - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Jan 2015 New ESSEC Business Analytics and Consulting Programme to help bridge IT and Business Gap - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Edge Jan 2015 Insights for Competitive Advantage - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Sunday Times Postgraduate Studies Supplement January 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market中国掀起毕加索热 改写全球艺术市场格局 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post (in Chinese) Jan 2015 Misgivings about Corporate Giving - Prof. Arthur Gautier - The Business Times Jan 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr'}, page_content='Accueil || ESSECEnlighten. Lead. Change.Page daccueilESSEC Business School L’ESSEC Business School, institution d’excellence Fondée en 1907, lESSEC Business School est une institution académique de premier plan qui combine rigueur académique et expertise pratique pour former les leaders responsables de demain. Elle perpétue une tradition d’excellence et cultive un esprit d’ouverture au service des activités économiques, sociales et de l’innovation. Avec des programmes classés parmi les meilleurs au monde, grâce notamment à un corps professoral d’exception, l’ESSEC Business School se positionne comme une école engagée et engageante, reconnue pour sa capacité à former et transformer les leaders de demain. Découvrez Transcend, la nouvelle stratégie de lESSEC L’ESSEC dévoile Transcend, sa stratégie pour 2024 - 2028 construite pour répondre à un enjeu ambitieux : ouvrir le monde en dépassant les frontières matérielles et immatérielles. Avec ce nouveau plan stratégique, l’ESSEC souhaite devenir un centre d’intelligence collective, transdisciplinaire et connectée qui encourage le progrès. Une nouvelle étape qui affirme plus que jamais la formation comme un processus de transformation, un gage de liberté et plus encore de succès pour imaginer demain, pour partager ce qui a été transmis et bâtir un futur désirable. L’ambition : garantir une formation transformatrice, cultiver un leadership multiculturel, réinventer le management, et renforcer l’impact de l’ESSEC à l’échelle internationale.En savoir plus 7 550 étudiants en formation initiale, dont 38.32% d’étudiants internationaux 154 professeurs de 36 nationalités, 24 professeurs Emeritus 5000 managers/dirigeants en formation continue 24 chaires, soutenues par plus de 1000 entreprises 222 écoles et universités partenaires dans 49 pays 71 376 alumni à travers le monde 07.11.2024Classement ChangeNOW / Les Echos : lESSEC, leader de la transition écologique en FrancePour la troisième année consécutive, lESSEC Business School a été sacrée meilleure école de commerce française en matière dengagement pour la transition écologique et sociale, selon le classement ChangeNOW / Les Echos. Cette distinction vient couronner la stratégie de l’ESSEC qui vise à une intégration systématique de la durabilité dans l’ensemble de ses activités : au cœur des programmes, de sa recherche, et de la vie de ses campus.voir-l-article 13.11.2024Etudier à lESSEC : retour sur une rentrée pleine de découvertes et de défisDeux mois après leur rentrée à l’ESSEC, les étudiants partagent déjà leurs premières impressions sur une période riche en expériences pédagogiques et humaines. Des séminaires immersifs, des projets de groupe ambitieux, et des conférences dexperts ont rythmé ce début d’année. Pour ces jeunes talents, c’est le moment dappréhender le monde sous un nouveau prisme, tout en développant des compétences transversales qui façonneront leur futur.voir-l-article 10.10.2024L’ESSEC Business School lance son nouveau programme flexible pour les professionnels internationaux, lESSEC Hybrid Executive MBALESSEC Business School étoffe son portefeuille de MBA avec le lancement de lESSEC Hybrid Executive MBA, un programme qui s’adapte aux nouveaux enjeux de notre société. Il allie apprentissage en ligne et en présentiel, offrant ainsi une grande flexibilité aux cadres du monde entier.voir-l-article 10.10.2024L’ESSEC Business School lance le International Program in Business Administration (IPBA) pour former des leaders au développement du continent AfricainLESSEC Business School est ravie d’annoncer le lancement de lInternational Program in Business Administration (IPBA), un programme intégré Bachelor+Master de 5 ans, dispensé en anglais sur son campus de Rabat. Ce programme est conçu pour former des leaders engagés dans le développement du continent africain, en leur offrant une formation transdisciplinaire alliant technique et pensée critique, créativité et innovation. voir-l-article 10.10.2024LESSEC Business School renforce sa présence internationale avec l’ouverture d’un Hub à New York et d’un Hub à LondresDans le cadre de son plan stratégique 2024-2028, lESSEC Business School marque une nouvelle étape dans son développement international. L’Ecole annonce louverture d’un “hub” à New York et d’un “hub” à Londres pour accélérer ses activités à l’étranger et renforcer sa présence dans des villes stratégiques, centres économiques mondiaux majeurs. voir-l-article 10.10.2024L’ESSEC Business School crée le Centre Géopolitique & BusinessDans le cadre de sa nouvelle stratégie 2024-2028, l’ESSEC crée le Centre Géopolitique & Business, un centre transdisciplinaire de recherche et d’innovation pédagogique dédié à l’étude des interactions entre la géopolitique et le monde économique. Ce Centre équipera nos étudiants et participants de formations exécutives avec les connaissances permettant d’analyser les conséquences des chocs et tendances géopolitiques sur les entreprises et les organisations; surtout, il leur apportera des savoir-faire concrets pour savoir les gérer et y répondre. voir-l-articletoutes-les-actualitesL’ESSEC, une école engagée Transition écologique et socialeConsciente de l’urgence qui l’entoure, l’ESSEC a intégré les enjeux écologiques et sociaux au cœur de sa stratégie, via la démarche « Together » formalisée en octobre 2020. La feuille de route qui en découle nous pousse à agir concrètement au sein de notre enseignement, notre recherche, la transformation de nos campus, mais aussi notre gouvernance et le fonctionnement des services de l’établissement.En savoir plusEntrepreneuriat et InnovationForte de sa longue tradition entrepreneuriale, avec notamment la création de l’incubateur ESSEC Ventures dès 2000, l’école a choisi de renforcer son écosystème autour de l’entrepreneuriat et l’innovation. Grâce à des partenariats et un réseau d’excellence, l’ESSEC propose des programmes, des expériences pédagogiques et un accompagnement toujours plus complets aux étudiantes et étudiants souhaitant se lancer dans l’aventure entrepreneuriale.En savoir plusData, Technology & SocietyL’ESSEC a créé autour du Metalab, Center for Data, Technology and Society, un écosystème pour préparer les futurs leaders à affronter l’adoption massive des technologies de la donnée. Dans ce contexte, lESSEC agit sur 4 leviers : le développement de programmes éducatifs innovants, l’utilisation des technologies par les chercheurs de l’ESSEC, l’association à des partenaires industriels et publics, l’animation de la conversation publique.En savoir plus Grande École / Master in Management Le programme Grande École de l’ESSEC forme la nouvelle génération de dirigeants responsables. La flexibilité unique du modèle pédagogique proposé par l’ESSEC vous permettra de construire votre propre parcours académique.En savoir plus Masters et MSc Très professionnalisants, les Masters et MSc’s de l’ESSEC sappuient sur des liens étroits avec les entreprises et les professionnels du secteur. Les diplômés se distinguent par leurs connaissances spécialisées et leur expérience.En savoir plus Mastères spécialisés ® Les Mastères Spécialisés® (MS) sont des formations post Master labellisées par la Conférence des Grandes Ecoles. Ils comprennent 7 à 8 mois de cours, 4 à 6 mois de mission en entreprise et apportent une double compétence.En savoir plus Global BBA Le Global BBA est le programme post-bac, en 4 ans de l’ESSEC. Sélectif, dense et exigeant, il prépare au monde des affaires dans des environnements divers et complexes.En savoir plus Bachelor Act Le Bachelor Act est une formation Bac +3, lancée par l’ESSEC et CY Cergy Paris Université. Son objectif ? Permettre aux étudiants de maîtriser la conduite de projets au service des transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales.En savoir plus Bachelor HEPTA LESSEC, CentraleSupélec et Sciences Po sassocient pour créer un Bachelor s’adressant aux sportifs de haut niveau diplômés de l’enseignement secondaire qui souhaitent poursuivre leur développement sportif et acquérir une formation pluridisciplinaire transversale.En savoir plus BSc in AI, Data & Management Sciences Le programme ESSEC-CentraleSupélec Bachelor of Science in Artificial Intelligence Data and Management Sciences (AIDAMS) est conçu pour offrir une hybridation entre les cours de gestion, danalyse de données et dintelligence artificielle.En savoir plus PhD / Programme doctoral Lobjectif du programme doctoral (PhD) de lESSEC est de préparer les étudiants à la recherche de pointe et de créer les conditions dune intégration et dune participation active dans une communauté académique internationale.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglaisformation-continue Global MBA Ouvrez les portes de lindustrie de votre choix avec le Global MBA de lESSEC, un programme de 12 mois à temps plein dispensé en France. Les participants sont dotés des compétences spécifiques pour les aider à réussir leur changement de carrière.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglaisformation-continue Executive MBA Les MBA’s de lESSEC sont des programmes de niveau supérieur destiné aux professionnels expérimentés souhaitant acquérir des compétences de gestion avancées pour accélérer leur carrière. Explorez nos Executive MBA en format hybride, modulaire et weekend, à compléter en seulement 18 mois.En savoir plusformation-continue Programmes diplômants Développez votre potentiel en tant que cadre dirigeant responsable grâce aux diplômes exécutifs de lESSEC, conçus pour les cadres, managers, experts ou dirigeants qui cherchent à se perfectionner, à se recycler ou à lancer leur propre entreprise.En savoir plusformation-continue Certificats et programmes courts Challengez vos acquis et développez votre potentiel avec les formations courtes de l’ESSEC. Découvrez nos certificats et programmes courts (de 2 à 6 jours) couvrant une gamme variée de domaines clés du management pour un perfectionnement rapide et ciblé.En savoir plusformation-continue Programmes sur-mesure Pour accompagner les entreprises dans leurs transformations, l’ESSEC co-construit des formations sur mesure d’excellence. Nous nous appuyons sur une méthodologie rompue et une expertise académique de haut niveau pour proposer le meilleur.En savoir plusformation-continue ESSEC Online LESSEC Business School propose une sélection de programmes en ligne sur la transformation digitale. Via le Campus Numérique Augmenté de l’école, l’ESSEC offre une expérience dapprentissage en ligne unique et riche.En savoir plus Devenez partenaire de l’ESSEC Chaque année, plus d’un millier d’entreprises renouvellent leur confiance en s’engageant aux côtés de l’ESSEC, en contribuant activement à la formation de talents et plus largement à la vie de l’institution. Un cercle vertueux s’instaure entre votre entreprise et la communauté ESSEC : un écosystème pérenne se construit, favorable aux étudiants, bénéfique à votre marque employeur et à vos défis de recrutement. L’équipe Relations Entreprises est là pour bâtir avec vous ce partenariat.En savoir plus Réseau d’Alumni Rejoindre l’ESSEC Business School, c’est aussi rejoindre ESSEC Alumni.Fondée en 1923 par un jeune diplômé, ESSEC Alumni constitue l’une des plus grandes associations de diplômés en France. Elle dénombre plus de 71 000 alumni. L’association s’étend sur les 5 continents, dans plus de 85 pays. Elle anime plus de 125 clubs autour du monde, en organisant près de 500 événements par an.En savoir plus'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/msc-marketing-management-digital'}, page_content='MSc in Marketing Management and Digital (MMD) || ESSEC MSc in Marketing Management and Digital (MMD) Language English Duration 1 year Next intake September 2025 Ranking #2 Best Masters in Marketing Worldwide QS ranking 2024 Location ESSEC Asia-Pacific (Singapore)BrochureApplyBrochure Applycontact OverviewProgramCampus LifeCareerAdmissionsFinancingEventsMSc in Marketing Management and Digital (MMD)Designed for marketers and digital specialists in this age of complexity, the ESSEC MSc in Marketing Management and Digital will enable you to acquire the concepts and tools of marketing and digital as well as the fundamentals of management. With the burgeoning success of the luxury industry, the concept of luxury brand management has also become increasingly relevant for many different industry sectors. You will learn about brand value and management in the luxury business and how the luxury market has evolved with the age of digitalization. 80% hold degrees in Economics, Business or Arts 10% hold degrees in Engineering and Sciences 10% degrees in Political Sciences 23 average age 80% Women 89% Non French Students Alexia Maurin (MSc MMD’22) Antoine Habay(MSc MMD’23) With a special emphasis on digital and luxury marketing, the MSc Marketing Management and Digital students are equipped with the skills set, knowledge, and experiences to thrive as a modern marketer Academic experience The duration of the MSc in Marketing Management and Digital is 1 year. Through our courses you will acquire marketing concepts and techniques, digital tools and know-how, managerial skills and good professional practices. Professional experience Students will complete an internship with a duration of 4 to 6 months; it can take place anywhere in the world and is designed to facilitate students’ professional integration. International experience Students get a chance to participate in a one week International Study Trip to some of the world’s renowned companies “Company visits, study trips and the alumni network make MSc MMD make well represented in the luxury industry”.Sonja PROKOPECAssociate Dean of Faculty, ESSEC Asia-Pacific Luxury Sector Lead, MMDInternational Study TripWe offer our students a dynamic and holistic learning experience that goes beyond the classroom. All students undergo a one-week overseas study trip to visit some of the world’s most renowned companies to gain an understanding of their brand heritage, market strategies, target markets and audience. Representing a wide range of industries and sectors such as luxury retail, automobile, textiles and consulting, the participating companies provide our students with privileged access to their marketing operations, product development and launches. Companies that participated in our study trips: Super Union Richemont Ipsos NATIXIS Chanel HKEX Bain & CompanyAnimoca Capgemini Dormeuil Firmenich Ford Motor Company Gucci Loréal Remy Cointreau Shanghai Tang Digital Marketing Challenge (DMC)Enriching the program through academia-industry collaborations, our students take part in projects that blend theory with practice by working on real-world cases commissioned by our corporate clients. ESSEC curates a yearly list of partners to ensure a diverse scope for students to work on. Our corporate partners include renowned companies like Decathlon, Giorgio Armani Beauty, Johnson & Johnson, Lancome, Richemont and Roger Dubuis. Digital Marketing Challenge 2022 Business WeekESSEC MSc in Marketing Management & Digital (MMD) students organized their MMD Business Week at Fairmont Singapore. Professionals from Sephora, Cartier, TikTok, Christian Dior Couture and more shared their experiences and inspired the students in planning their career paths. Hear from speakers and MMD students about their experience and the opportunities they gained. Discover Business Week 2022 Internship and Professional ThesisYou will be able to apply the knowledge and skill sets you have picked up and built on during the program through a 4 to 6-month internship. You are also required to complete a professional thesis based on your internship.Prof. Guatam KIYAWATAcademic Director What does the class timetable/schedule look like?Classes are conducted between Mondays and Fridays during these slots: 9 am – 12 pm;1.15 pm - 4.15 pm; and 4.30 pm - 7.30 pm. Your timetable depends on the core courses andelectives you take. How long is the internship and when can we start? Internships last 4 to 6 months and they usually take place after the final term has ended.Students start sourcing for internships as early as while they are in the program. Our CareerServices Team is there to guide you with your internship sourcing. How does ESSEC help me upon arrival? Once you have confirmed your seat in the program, the Office of the Registrar will provideyou with the necessary information to complete your administrative enrolment. All new students undergo an induction, which includes an overview of the program structure andcurriculum, academic and administrative guidelines, student life and career services. What student clubs exist in ESSEC? What if I want to start a new club? There are numerous cultural, professional, community and athletic clubs at ESSEC APAC. How can I find accommodation in Singapore? Does ESSEC Asia-Pacific offer accommodation? The School does not offer accommodation but fret not as finding accommodation in Singapore is easy. The School provides support in your search for the ideal housing option that meets your needs and budget. Please visit our blogsite for more info. “ESSEC Career Services team is extremely supportive and helps in the journey of finding the right internship”Yue NingMSc MMD’21 ESSEC Career ServicesThroughout your time at ESSEC, the Career Services will accompany you in defining your career plan and facilitating your entry into the professional world. Career guidance and advice Throughout your time at ESSEC Business School, the Career Services will accompany you in defining your career plan and facilitating your entry into the professional world. Through the support of the Career Services team, you will be able to: Learn more about yourself and enhance your experiences. Explore career opportunities, reflect and develop your personal and professional project. Define your internship/job search strategy and prepare yourself for numerous recruitment events through coaching with specialists Prepare your CV, LinkedIn profile and cover letter in an impactful manner, and develop your network efficiently. Prepare for different types of job interviews through role-playing exercises (pitching) and learn to position yourself well during salary negotiations. Each year, there are: 17 000 exclusive job postings : internships, apprenticeships and jobs. 430+ meetings with recruiters based in France and all around the world : job fairs, company presentations and case studies. 4 000+ individual appointments with career consultants. Access to 5 learning platforms and 40+ articles, training and self-teaching modules 164 career related workshops Meeting with professionals and recruitment opportunities The Career Services team organizes numerous recruitment events and puts you in direct contact with your future employer(s): - Networking, professional meetings - Company presentations, business conferences, recruitment sessions, workshops, master classes and internationally-themed weeks. Recruitment Fairs Organized at ESSECTalent Days This recruitment fair brings companies to our students. You will establish contacts with companies from all sectors of activity, such as: LVMH, Capgemini Invent, Sodexo, DBS, Standard Chartered Bank, etc. ESSEC Alumni: A network For Life When you join ESSEC Business School, you join a community and will discover the power of the ESSEC network. ESSEC Alumni already has 71,000 graduates with diverse profiles dispersed in all corners of the world. With unique personalities, they share a common goal: to achieve their career objectives. As you enter ESSEC, you become a member of ESSEC Alumni and you remain one forever. This is the lifetime membership, that ESSEC has been the first French Business School with a global reach to put in place. ESSEC Alumni is by your side at every stage of your career: When you are a student, to guide you in finding professional opportunities through the network, exchanging with graduates, benefiting from various services to launch your start-up, and staying up to date with the latest news from the ESSEC community. When you are a graduate, to support you throughout your professional life, help you develop your network and exchange with your peers, guide you in benefiting from services for your start-up, and allow you to rediscover the atmosphere of your ESSEC years. Entrepreneurship & InnovationSince its creation, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, which lies at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices. ESSEC Ventures is a structure that supports ESSEC students with business projects. It consists of an incubator, a talent incubator, and a seed fund. It also organizes numerous events bringing together entrepreneurs and investors. ESSEC Antropia is a structure that supports ESSEC students with social enterprise projects so that social, environmental, and economic considerations can come together to create a better world. Can I get a Long Term Visit Pass (LTVP) in Singapore at the end of the program? Yes, subject to having already obtained a Students Pass in Singapore, which comes with a FIN number that is used to apply for the Long Term Visit Pass (LTVP) in Singapore. The student must also be in Singapore with a valid pass (Students Pass or Visit Pass with at least 10 days remaining) when they submit the application. The LTVP allows foreign students to remain in Singapore for one year after finishing their studies in Singapore to look for employment opportunities (This applies even if the student has done only a trimester at the end of his/her program in Singapore). For more information regarding the application process, please visit this page. How and where do I find internships in Asia? The Career Services in Singapore is very active and well connected. They organise many events and tend to have a smaller more responsive network of partner companies. ESSEC is well known in the region and has a good reputation with the companies who know and work with us. The school is constantly working to establish more partnerships and networks. Past students have worked in a huge variety of sectors and tend to be based in Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Dubai, etc. As an intern, salaries are low but as a graduate, starting salaries are relatively high and you progress very quickly, more so than maybe in Europe. Have you obtained or are currently pursuing a Master/4-year bachelor/3-year bachelor’s degree in any field of study (engineering, science, mathematics, business, law, humanities & social sciences, economics, etc.)? Are you a high-potential candidate looking to gain or deepen your knowledge of Marketing? Are you open-minded, internationally oriented and have leadership potential? STEP 1: Anticipate, prepare and take the testsYou will need to provide: - 1 English test score - mandatory. Exempted if the candidate has completed at least 3 years in a higher education program in English at a 100% English-speaking institution. In that case, please provide us an official certificate with the mention that the medium of instruction is English. Test Validity TOEFL iBT, TOEFL iBT Special at Home Edition The English tests must not be older than 2 years at the application deadline (application round you choose to apply in) Minimum score 95 Institution Code: 0520 Special home edition is accepted IELTS (Academic) Minimum score 6.5 Cambridge (Minimum FCE) Minimum score 175 TOEIC (Listening and Reading) Minimum score 850 It can take several months to prepare and register for an exam slot for these tests. Keep this in mind before starting your application as without these test scores uploaded in your application file, it will be incomplete. The management test (TAGE MAGE , GMAT or GRE) is optional but can add value to your application. STEP 2: Start your online applicationPlease fill in an online application. Create your account and you will receive an email with your login and pin number. These are required each time you sign in, so keep them safe! You can fill in the application form at our own pace and come back to it at any point. STEP 3: Upload your supporting documentsA complete application file includes the following items. Incomplete applications will not be processed. All documents must be provided in English, including the Application Form. Official translations must be provided for documents in other languages by a certified translator. Items Description Curriculum Vitae 1 page maximum - in English Degree(s) obtained Authenticated copies of accredited degrees since high school (school leaving). While applying, if you do not have your final diploma that makes you eligible for the program, you can apply with an Enrolment Certificate, with an expected graduation date. Important: By mid-December of your starting year at ESSEC, you will have to provide a copy of your diploma (or a certificate of completion). Transcripts/Grade Sheets Official or authenticated transcript copies of all academic terms attended since high school, including exchange programs (simple copies will not be accepted). Grading Scale details must be provided. 2 x References One academic and one professional reference is highly recommended. It is the applicants responsibility to enter details of both the referees as soon as possible to allow them to send the online recommendation on time. Once you enter their details and save, a link is sent to them immediately to fill out the recommendation online. 1 English Test Copy of official score (test taker version) 1 Identity Card Passport or National Identity Card. 1 Photograph A recent ID photo Application Fee 115 € non-refundable and payable only online Click here to see if you are exempted STEP 4: Submit your applicationOnce you have completed your online application and have attached all the supporting documents, the final step is to submit your online application. Once you have submitted your application online, you cannot make changes to your application. Please keep in mind that there are several rounds of admissions. The deadlines to submit your application are listed in the table at the top of this page. STEP 5: Sit your interview Shortlisted applicants may be contacted for an interview via videoconference. The objective of the interview is: - To understand you better: your personality and your values- To evaluate your professional and personal project and its coherence with the program STEP 6: Get your admission results Your application will be assessed by the Academic Directors and an admissions committee. You will be notified about the results by email (refer to the above mentioned timetable). If you have been successful, you will then be contacted by the Admissions Office to inform you how to confirm your place in the program. STEP 7: Secure your seatFollowing your admission, make sure to secure your seat in the program by paying the non-refundable deposit within 2 weeks. This amount will be deducted from your tuition fee. Welcome to ESSEC! Is prior professional experience required? Although prior professional experience is not a mandatory requirement, having some relevant work experience does help you with your application to get into the program. How important are the references?References are very important. The admissions committee is used to looking at these and the ones that make the difference outline concrete examples of how the student lives up to the praise/recommendations given. You should therefore select references who know you best and have experience of working with you either academically or professionally. It is much better to have a reference from someone who knows you than from someone you have selected due to their position. Is a certain level of French required for the MMD program?While students have the chance to learn French during the program, MMD does not require any French proficiency as it is taught entirely in English. English is also the lingua franca in Singapore. Valid for 2025 Intake EU citizens NON-EU Citizens Total Tuition SGD 42,000 SGD 47,000 Administrative fee The non-refundable administrative fee is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee SGD 7,200 SGD 7,200 Remaining Tuition Fee The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of the academic year SGD 34,800 SGD 39,800 Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) SGD 3,160 SGD 3,300 Scholarships ESSEC Academic Excellence ScholarshipsDescription: To sustain the academic excellence of the program, ESSEC Business School offers scholarships to the most outstanding candidates. Eligibility: Open to all applicants and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file and during the interview. Amount: Up to 35% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. ESSEC Diversity ScholarshipDescription: Varied cultural perspectives and backgrounds enhance the education and experience of all our students as well as being a key factor in the excellence of our programs. With this in mind, ESSEC seeks to create further diversity in its already diverse student body. Eligibility: Open to applicants who are citizens of a country in one of the following regions: Asia-Pacific (excluding Singapore), Africa, Europe, North America and South America. Amount: Up to 30% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. They are awarded to applicants having demonstrated academic excellence and a strong international background in both their application file. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. ESSEC Singapore Leaders ScholarshipDescription: This prestigious scholarship is awarded to outstanding candidates admitted to ESSECs Masters programs at the Asia-Pacific campus in Singapore. Open to Singaporean citizens and Permanent Residents, the scholarship aims to empower top talent with the education and skills needed to excel on the global stage. Eligibility: Candidates must be Singaporean citizens or Permanent Residents of Singapore. Amount: The scholarship will cover up to 50% of the total tuition fees. Procedure: This scholarship is awarded during each admission session alongside the admission offer. No additional application or request is required. Selected students will be notified upon receiving their admission offer. Lee Kuan Yew Scholarship DESCRIPTION: The Lee Kuan Yew (LKY) Scholarship is the premier postgraduate scholarship in Singapore. Set up in 1991, the scholarship marks Singapores continuous effort to recognize outstanding individuals with the aptitude and inclination to contribute to Singapore and its society. ELIGIBILITY: Candidates holding Singaporean citizenship will undergo a comprehensive evaluation on their leadership potential and accomplishments in their respective fields. Candidates should also demonstrate the potential to thrive in their professions, ultimately contributing to Singapore and its advancement. AMOUNT: Scholarship recipients will receive full tuition fees coverage and an annual allowance of S$50,000 for up to 2 years if they are pursuing a Master’s degree. PROCEDURE: Candidates can apply via the Public Service Commission Portal (Singpass login required). All applications will need to be supported by referee reports and submitted online by 28 February 2025. Student Loans FranceAs an ESSEC student, you can take out a preferential-rate bank loan, which covers full tuition and is repaid starting at the end of your first year of work. ESSEC has developed a partnership with major French bank branches located in Cergy (LCL, BNP Paribas and Société Générale) to give you special terms and conditions. Loan applicants are required to have a guarantor living in France. According to the banks, the guarantor must earn enough to cover the monthly loan payments but also be a French citizen, a close family member and/or both. Additional fees and expenses will be the responsibility of the student. Prodigy FinanceInternational Students from 150 different nationalities admitted to the MSc in Marketing Management and Digital may now apply to Prodigy Finance loans. Contrary to the banks in France, Prodigy does not require a collateral or co-signer. These loans are granted on the students future earning potential and don’t take into account credit history. Students may apply online on the Prodigy website. There is no hidden fee or early repayment fee. Interest rates may vary depending on individual profiles. Funds are directly disbursed to the school in euro (€) so no exchange rates are borne by the student. Disbursement starts from September and loan application processing time may go up to a month and a half. The sooner you apply, the better. We advise you to check your eligibility on the Prodigy website before applying. US Federal & Private LoansMany US citizens or permanent residents opt to take out the US Federal Stafford and private Sallie Mae loans. These loans can cover up to the full cost of attendance and all applicants having a co-signer in the US are eligible for these loan programmes. ESSEC is listed as “ESSEC Business School", and has a code number of G30959. More information on Sallie MAE More information on US Federal loans 12decembre2024Discover Masters QS | ChennaiJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!13:30 - 17:00 | Chennai, IndiaRegister Now!15decembre2024Discover Masters QS | BangaloreJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!04:30 - 11:30 | Bangalore, IndiaRegister Now!Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/master-in-finance'}, page_content='Master in Finance (MIF) || ESSEC Master in Finance (MIF) Language English Duration 1 or 2 years depending on your degree Next intake End of August 2025 Ranking #4 Best Master in Finance FT ranking 2024 Locations France (Cergy), Singapore BrochureApplyBrochure Applycontact Overview ProgramCampus lifeCareerAdmissionsFinancingEventsMaster in Finance (MIF)Career-oriented and internationally focused, the ESSEC Master in Finance is an intensive program designed to offer high quality training to high potential students who wish to pursue a career in corporate finance, financial markets, fintech, asset and portfolio management as well as risk management. The program has a strong international dimension and teaches students to adapt to a multicultural environment, addressing multinational issues and providing exposure to both Europe and Asia. It offers a global approach to finance with a strong emphasis on the underlying skills necessary to operate in today’s financial professions. 80% Hold degrees in Economics, Business and Finance 20% Hold degrees in Engineering and Sciences 23 Average age 30% Women Recognized by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and InnovationThe ESSEC Master in Finance program is authorized by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation to award a recognised BAC+5 degree, Master’s Grade, to its students. Authorisation is delivered following assessment by the National Management Programmes Assessment Commission (Commission d’Evaluation des Formations de Gestion - https://www.cefdg.fr) for a renewable period. This Commission undertakes assessment for all programs, with or without the Master’s Grade, delivered by business schools that are recognised by the French State to guarantee the quality of teaching delivered and the value of their degree. This is valid whether you do your program at France campus or at Singapore campus. CFA InstituteCFA Institute - Qualify as an international Chartered Financial Analyst If you are looking to make a career as a consultant in mergers and acquisitions, project financing, as an equity analyst, fixed income analyst, portfolio manager, equity salesperson, etc., you can prepare while studying at ESSEC by passing the CFA Institute exam to become a “Chartered Financial Analyst” which is the internationally recognized qualification. Furthermore, every year, Master in Finance students represent ESSEC to the CFA Institute Research Challenge. In Feb 2019, ESSEC won the French final and qualified for the EMEA final. “Welcome to France”- Campus France ESSEC Business School has been recognized by Campus France and the Ministry of Higher Education and Research for the quality of its international students’ welcome. The school received the highest level that can be obtained from the "Bienvenue en France" certification, which is the third level. This certification recognizes the quality of ESSECs reception in all the criteria provided: The quality and accessibility of information The welcoming of new international students The academic offer Accommodations Campus life The quality of post-graduate follow-up Triple Crown AccreditationThe academic excellence of ESSEC’s programs is recognized through its international standards in management training, and it holds the prestigious “Triple Crown of accreditations: EQUIS, AACSB, and AMBA. Academic experience The duration of the Master in Finance is 2 years (Master 1+Master 2) or 1 year (Master 2 only), depending on your latest degree. Professional experience Each year (M1 & M2), students will complete an internship with a duration of 4 to 6 months; it can take place anywhere in the world and is designed to facilitate students’ professional integration. The academic dissertation is an alternative option to the internship (during M2). It represents independent and individual research on cutting-edge topics related to any field of finance. International experience Students get a chance to participate in 2 Study Trips to London and Hong Kong or New York. The MIF program has a strong analytical focus and aims to provide you with a comprehensive view of finance enabling you to develop and become a fully-operational professional. According to your professional project, you may choose to apply in the program either on the ESSEC France campus (Cergy, Paris area), or the ESSEC Asia-Pacific campus (Singapore). Master 1 in France or Singapore Depending on your latest degree, you will start the program in M1 and the total duration of the program is 2 years (M1+M2). To build up your strength and help you build your foundations, you will begin the program with a term (T0) of preparatory courses in Finance, Mathematics and Statistics. Examples of courses include: Financial Theory Statistics Foundations of Calculus & Probability During the following term (T1), you will follow 6 courses from a general track (1 compulsory & 5 electives). Through this first year, you will be able to discover your professional interest, to help you decide on which track to choose in Year 2 (M2). Example of courses include: Programming in Python Management Control Strategic Cost Management Sustainability Performance Macroeconomic Theory and Development See the full list of courses. You will do a 6-month internship at the end of M1. Master 2 in France or SingaporeDepending on your latest degree, you will start the program in M2 and the total duration of the program is 1 year (M2), or you will continue with the second year of the program (M2) if you started in M1. This year (M2) is divided into three terms, where you will cover: courses, 2 study trips to the major financial centers (London and New York or Hong Kong), specialized tracks, certificates in FinTech & Analytics, Energy & Commodities, andor/ AMF certification (optional), and an internship or academic dissertation. Terms 0 & 1. Build your Foundations In France (Paris area) or in Singapore, during these first terms you will take core courses and electives. Examples of courses include: Corporate Financial Management Financial Markets Options Programming in Python Big Data Analytics International Finance Terms 2 & 3. Choose your Track To tailor the program to your career goals, you will follow core and elective courses on the specialization of your choice: Corporate Finance Track, Financial Markets Track, Fintech & Analytics Track. Examples or courses include: Examples or courses include France or Singapore Corporate Finance France or Singapore Financial Markets SingaporeFintech & Analytics Core courses Mergers and Acquisitions Firm Valuation Private Equity Fixed Income Advanced Derivative Markets Volatility Trading Digital Financial Platforms & Intermediation Financial Econometrics Big Data Analytics Elective courses Wealth Management Portfolio Theory & Investment Analysis Coaching CFA Commodity Markets & Energy Products Financial Risk Management Advanced Derivative Market Financial Econometrics Energy & Commodity Markets & Products Digital Financial Platforms and Intermediation See the full list of courses. During term 2 you will also have the possibility to do inter-campus mobility. International Study TripsDuring M2, ESSEC Master in Finance offers a unique opportunity for students to travel to two of the major financial hubs (London and Hong Kong or New York). The study trips allow privileged access to the most prestigious investment banks and consulting firms such as: Barclays Capital, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, BNP-Paribas, Crédit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, etc. Students not only meet and exchange views with professionals but also get to interact with ESSEC alumni. Deepen Your Knowledge with Certificates During the M2 you will have opportunities to get a certificate in Energy and Commodities. The Energy and Commodity Finance Research Center at ESSEC Business School aims at promoting research and disseminating knowledge in the field of commodity markets and energy finance. This goal is pursued by undertaking research projects and hosting activities for incentivizing interaction across disciplines including finance, economics, financial mathematics, operations research, and management science. Focus is put on bridging international collaborations among researchers at a worldwide level. The center organizes scientific conferences, runs a monthly webinar, supervises a dedicated graduate track, and manages Argo Review, a journal devoted to cutting-edge knowledge in the field. The Master in Finance is built on the premise of learning by doing. Each year, students (M1 & M2) complete an internship with a duration of 4 to 6 months; it can take place anywhere in the world and is designed to let you integrate into the professional world. Students are also enrolled in summer and graduate programs during the Master in Finance program. ESSEC is in partnership with AlumnEye, a network designed to help students to prepare for interviews in Investment Banking, Market Finance and Strategy Consulting. It trains students for the selection process of the most prestigious financial institutions. This interactive and personalized training, taking place at the beginning of the academic year. It allows students to stand out from the thousands of applications, and facilitates significant access to summer internships and graduate programs. ARDIAN BARCLAYS BLACKSTONE BNP-PARIBAS BOFA SECURITIES CITI CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB D’ANGELIN & C DEUTSCHE BANK EY GOLDMAN SACHS HOULIHAN LOKEY HSBC JEFFERIES J.P. MORGAN KPMG LAZARD FRERES MORGAN STANLEY ODDO & CIE NOMURA PJT PARTNERS ROTHSCHILD & CIE ROYAL BANK OF CANADA SOCIETE GENERALE UBS Romain BOULLANDAcademic Co-Director, Ph.D. in Finance, University of Paris Dauphine (France) Peng XUAssociate Academic Director, Ph.D. in Finance and Economics, University of Toronto (Canada) Gérard DESPINOYExecutive Director, Ph.D. in Economics, University of Paris Dauphine (France)ESSEC Business School has formed a partnership with the Fung Institute of Engineering Leadership at UC Berkeley College of Engineering and offers students a dual degree with the internationally-renowned Californian university. This course leads to both the ESSEC Master in Finance degree and a Master of Engineering from UC Berkeley. This partnership will permit students with a scientific background to complete the 1-year Master of Engineering program from UC Berkeley (August to June) after the completion of the Master in Finance. An information session is organized with UC Berkeley every year in fall to present the partnership. The application process takes place in January, and once you are admitted to UC Berkeley, you may qualify for a 15% reduction in tuition fees. A scholarship is awarded as part of the program, with students still remaining eligible for other scholarships offered by the Master of Engineering program. This dual degree offers increased career opportunities, in particular in the United States and in Silicon Valley. After receiving the degree, a residence permit for a two-year stay in the United States may be granted. Over the years, successive classes of students at ESSEC Business School have founded and managed more than 100 clubs and organizations, with a wide variety of themes: sports, cultural, humanitarian, international or civic, there is something for everyone!These organizations, often founded and managed by the students themselves, aim to foster student life, promote the schools values, develop students professional skills, and contribute to the social and cultural life of the campus.Find out moreESSEC Paris-Cergy CampusESSECs historic campus is located in the city of Cergy, about 30 km northwest of Paris. The campus covers more than seven hectares and offers modern and spacious facilities. It includes several buildings, a library, a gymnasium inaugurated in 2023, as well as areas for relaxing between classes. Find out more about ESSECs Paris-Cergy CampusESSEC Asia-Pacific Campus, SingaporeESSECs Asia-Pacific Campus, which was inaugurated in 2015, is located in Singapore, Asia, a dynamic city-state known for its thriving business environment and multicultural population. The campus is located in the heart of the city, close to major business centers and commercial areas. Find out more about ESSECs Asia-Pacific CampusDiscover all the things you can learn at ESSEC Asia-Pacific!Chloé DAUVILLIERMIF22 "The program has strong emphasis on career services and industry events. We have a lot of opportunities to meet hiring managers and professionals in the field".Zisu WANG (MIF’22)ALLIANZ, ALMA CONSULTING GROUP, ARDIAN, BANCO SANTANDER, BANK OF AMERICA- MERRILL LYNCH, BARCLAYS, BNP-PARIBAS, CA CIB, CBRE INVESTORS, CDC ASSET MANAGEMENT, CITI, COMMERZBANK, CRÉDIT AGRICOLE ASSET MANAGEMENT, EY, GOLDMAN SACHS, HSBC, HOULIHAN LOKEY, ING, DANONE, JP MORGAN, KPMG, L’OREAL, LVMH, LYXOR, MORGAN STANLEY, NATIXIS, NOMURA, PwC, ROTHSCHILD, RWE, SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE, UBS and many more… ESSEC Career Services Career guidance and advice ESSEC Career Services provides orientation and support to help students find suitable positions upon graduating. These services include personal development coaching which has been designed to help students capitalize on their skills and experience, so they become conscious of their assets. By defining a personal strategy to market their skills, students optimize their chances of succeeding on their chosen career path.The Career Services also organize individual counseling, workshops, mock interviews, conferences and opportunities to meet with executive search consultants, industry leaders/CEOs and HR Directors. Each year, there are: 25,000 exclusive job postings: internships, apprenticeships, graduate programs, V.I.E and jobs 450+ meetings with recruiters based in France and all around the world: job fairs, company presentations and case studies Nearly 4,000 individual appointments with career consultants An access to 3 learning platforms and 50+ articles, training and self-teaching modules.200+ career-related workshops ESSEC Alumni: A network For Life When you join ESSEC Business School, you join a community and will discover the power of the ESSEC network. ESSEC Alumni already has 71,000 graduates with diverse profiles dispersed in all corners of the world. With unique personalities, they share a common goal: to achieve their career objectives. As you enter ESSEC, you become a member of ESSEC Alumni and you remain one forever. This is the lifetime membership, that ESSEC has been the first French Business School with a global reach to put in place. ESSEC Alumni is by your side at every stage of your career: When you are a student, to guide you in finding professional opportunities through the network, exchanging with graduates, benefiting from various services to launch your start-up, and staying up to date with the latest news from the ESSEC community. When you are a graduate, to support you throughout your professional life, help you develop your network and exchange with your peers, guide you in benefiting from services for your start-up, and allow you to rediscover the atmosphere of your ESSEC years. Entrepreneurship & InnovationSince its creation, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, which lies at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices. ESSEC Ventures is a structure that supports ESSEC students with business projects. It consists of an incubator, a talent incubator, and a seed fund. It also organizes numerous events bringing together entrepreneurs and investors. ESSEC Antropia is a structure that supports ESSEC students with social enterprise projects so that social, environmental, and economic considerations can come together to create a better world. Finance FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with financial institutions such as: Ardian, AXA, BNP Paribas, Bpifrance, Candriam, Centerview Partners, Crédit Agricole CIB, Hines, Moody’s, ODDO BHF, Qonto, Rothschild & co, Société Générale, UBS, etc. Consulting FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with consulting firms such as: Accenture, Accuracy, Bain & Company, BearingPoint, BCG, Capgemini Invent, KPMG, Mazars, McKinsey & Company, Roland Berger, Wavestone, etc. Talent DaysThis recruitment fair brings together around hundred companies. You will establish contacts with companies from all sectors of activity, such as: Air Liquide, Amazon, Bouygues, Carrefour, Ekimetrics, Groupe Casino, Henkel, L’Oréal, LVMH, Metro, Orange, Saint-Gobain, Le Groupe TF1, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield, Unilever, Vinci, etc. “At ESSEC I learned how important the networking is, and I secured my internship thanks to the ESSEC network”Raphael LAMBERT(MIF’21) STEP 1: Anticipate, prepare and take the testsYou will need to provide:- 1 Management test score - mandatory- 1 English test score - mandatory. The English test is not required if the applicant has spent at least 3 years in a higher education program completely taught in English. In that case, please provide us an official certificate with the mention that the medium of instruction is English. TEST VALIDITY* Management Test GMAT Exam, GMAT, GMAT Online, or GMAT Focus Edition 5 years Select "ESSEC Business School-Master in Finance" GRE or GRE Test at Home (Verbal Reasoning, Quantitative Reasoning and Analytical Writing) 5 years Institution Code: 0839 Tage-Mage 2 years CAT 1 year For Indian applicants English Test TOEFL iBT, TOEFL iBT Special at Home Edition The English tests must not be older than 2 years at the application deadline (application round you choose to apply in) Minimum score 95 Institution Code: 0520 IELTS Academic Minimum score 6.5 Cambridge B2 First Minimum Minimum score 175 TOEIC Listening and Reading Minimum score 850 It can take several months to prepare and register for an exam slot for these tests. Keep this in mind before starting your application as without these test scores uploaded in your application file, it will be incomplete. Click here to take the GMAT Quiz and get an estimate of your score. Please note that you cannot apply with a GMAT Quiz score. STEP 2: Start your online applicationCreate your candidate account. You can fill in the online application at your own pace and come back to it at any point. You can only apply once per program each academic year. Once validated, your campus choice is final. STEP 3: Upload your supporting documentsA complete application file includes the following items. Incomplete application will not be processed. All documents must be provided in English or French (except the CV). Official translations must be provided for documents in other languages by a certified translator. Items Description Curriculum Vitae 1 page maximum - in English Motivation Letter 1 page maximum - in English Degree(s) obtained Authenticated copies of accredited degrees since high school (school leaving). While applying, if you do not have your final diploma that makes you eligible for the program, you can apply with an Enrolment Certificate, with an expected graduation date. Important: By mid-December of your starting year at ESSEC, you will have to provide a copy of your diploma (or a certificate of completion). Transcripts/Grade Sheets Authenticated copies of official transcripts, by chronological order, for all academic terms attended since high school, including exchange programs, repeated years, preparatory classes, grading system details and double degree (simple copies and screenshots are not accepted). If your studies have been interrupted, please add a letter with the academic year concerned and explain the reasons (gap year, illness, change of direction, travel, employment, leave, internship, etc.).Grading Scale details must also be provided. 2 x References One academic and one professional reference is highly recommended. It is the applicants responsibility to enter details of both the referees as soon as possible to allow them to send the online recommendation on time. Once you enter their details and save, a link is sent to them immediately to fill out the recommendation online. 1 Management Test Copy of official score (test taker version) 1 English Test 1 Certificate for Athletes (if applicable) A certificate for High Level Athlete (HLA) or Certificate of Aptitude for Sports Practice is required. The certificate must be valid at the time of application. 1 Identity Card Passport or National Identity Card (only for EU citizens) 1 Photograph A recent ID photo Application Fee €100 non-refundable and payable online onlyClick to see if you are exempted STEP 4: Submit your applicationOnce you have completed your online application and have attached all the supporting documents, the final step is to submit your online application. Once you have submitted your application online, you cannot make changes to your application. Please keep in mind that there are several rounds of admissions. The deadlines to submit your application are listed in the table above. STEP 5: Get your resultsYour application will be assessed by the Academic Directors and an admissions committee. You will be notified about the results by email (refer to the above mentioned calendar). If you have been successful, you will then be contacted by the Admissions Office to inform you how to confirm your place in the program. If you applied for one-year program, please note that if the commission board finds that your experience or background is strong but not complete enough in some required aspects, you may be asked to join the two-year program instead in order to build up your strength and ensure your success. STEP 6: Secure your seatFollowing your admission, make sure to secure your seat in the program by paying the non-refundable deposit within 2 weeks. This amount will be deducted from your tuition fee. Do you need more information?You need more information to prepare your application? Please refer to this link for insights on our application portal. How important are the references?References are very important. The admissions committee is used to looking at these and the ones that make the difference outline concrete examples of how the student lives up to the praise/recommendations given. You should therefore select references who know you best and have experience of working with you either academically or professionally. It is much better to have a reference from someone who knows you than from someone you have selected due to their position. How important is the GMAT score?The GMAT is a very important part of your application. It is mandatory and we encourage you to get ready for the GMAT exam in advance. You should aim for as high a GMAT score as you can possibly achieve. Is a certain level of French required for the program?No, the program is taught in English and all of the staff members speak English. You have the chance to learn French during your program.However, we strongly recommend you try and learn French when you are here. Acquiring the language does help you during your time at ESSEC and in France. If you want to remain in France for your internship or job in the future, learning French is fundamental. How will my application be evaluated?Every application is thoroughly reviewed by the admissions board which is composed of both academic and professional staff, with consideration given to all elements including hard and soft skills. STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 1 YEAR (M2) Valid for 2025 intake for France and Singapore Campuses European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €28,400 €31,500 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of the academic year €23,400 €26,500 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €2,150 €2,250 STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 2 YEARS (M1+M2) Valid for 2025 Intake for France and Singapore Campuses Master 1 (M1) Master 2 (M2) European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €14,500 €14,500 €28,400 €31,500 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining Tuition Fee The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of each academic year €9,500 €9,500 €28,400 €31,500 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €2,260 €2,460 Scholarships ESSEC Academic Excellence/Diversity ScholarshipsDescription: To sustain the academic excellence of the program and enhance the education and experience of our students, ESSEC Business School offers the Academic Excellence scholarship to outstanding candidates and the Diversity Scholarship to students with varied cultural perspectives and backgrounds. Eligibility: Open to all applicants and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file: outstanding Management test scores, strong motivation, etc.;Diversity Scholarship - Demonstrate academic excellence and bring diversity in terms of citizenship, prior education or background. Amount: Can cover up to 50% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. ESSEC Singapore Leaders Scholarship Description: This prestigious scholarship is awarded to outstanding candidates admitted to ESSECs Masters programs at the Asia-Pacific campus in Singapore. Open to Singaporean citizens and Permanent Residents, the scholarship aims to empower top talent with the education and skills needed to excel on the global stage. Eligibility: Candidates must be Singaporean citizens or Permanent Residents of Singapore. Amount: The scholarship will cover 50% of the total tuition fees. Procedure: This scholarship is awarded during each admission session alongside the admission offer. No additional application or request is required. Selected students will be notified upon receiving their admission offer. Ardian Singapore Track ScholarshipDescription: Since 2012, ESSEC has a special partnership with Ardian Foundation which grants 5 to 6 fellowships for exceptional international candidates. Eligibility: Open to all international applicants of the Singapore Track and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file. Amount: Can cover up to 30% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the programme. LIFE Lebanon ScholarshipDescription: A platform to channel the influence of Lebanese finance executives worldwide in order to establish stronger bonds, nurture the next generation and promote Lebanon. Eligibility: Candidate must be Lebanese or of Lebanese descent, achieve and maintain academic excellence, demonstrate interest in pursuing a career in Finance and must be in financial need. Amount: Up to 12 000 USD per year for the duration of the academic program. Procedure: ESSEC submits applications for LIFE scholarships on your behalf. EIFFEL ScholarshipDESCRIPTION: The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs funds EIFFEL scholarship. ELIGIBILITY: Reserved for non-French candidates, double nationality included, no older than 30 years old at the time the selection committee will meet (around mid-March). AMOUNT: A monthly allowance of €1,181 and covered costs of one international return journey and social security cover. PROCEDURE: ESSEC submits applications for EIFFEL scholarships on your behalf. Your application should be completed and submitted therefore in the first round of applications. CIMB ASEAN ScholarshipDescription: The CIMB ASEAN Scholarship is a highly selective, full scholarship for exceptional students from ASEAN countries in which CIMB has a presence. Eligibility: An ASEAN citizen, 27 years old and below in possession of an offer to pursue a degree or Masters programme from a top tier university in the world, ASEAN region or respective home country. Amount: The CIMB ASEAN Scholarship is a full scholarship award covering all academic fees, including registration, examination and tuition fees, as well as living allowance. Other miscellaneous expenses related to airfare, visa/travel documents will also be subsidised. Procedure: Please refer to CIMB ASEAN Scholarship for details. Lee Kuan Yew ScholarshipDescription: The Lee Kuan Yew (LKY) Scholarship is the premier postgraduate scholarship in Singapore. Set up in 1991, the scholarship marks Singapores continuous effort to recognize outstanding individuals with the aptitude and inclination to contribute to Singapore and its society. Eligibility: Candidates holding Singaporean citizenship will undergo a comprehensive evaluation on their leadership potential and accomplishments in their respective fields. Candidates should also demonstrate the potential to thrive in their professions, ultimately contributing to Singapore and its advancement. Amount: Scholarship recipients will receive full tuition fees coverage and an annual allowance of S$50,000 for up to 2 years if they are pursuing a Master’s degree. Procedure: Candidates can apply via the Public Service Commission Portal (Singpass login required). All applications will need to be supported by referee reports and submitted online by 10 March 2024. Bourse CROUSIf you are a CROUS scholarship holder enrolled in the Master in Finance program, you are entitled to a discount on your tuition for the current year depending on the level of your CROUS scholarship. Please note that €2,000 of enrolment and academic contributions fee/service fee is not include Student Loans FranceAs an ESSEC student, you can take out a preferential-rate bank loan, which covers full tuition and is repaid starting at the end of your first year of work. ESSEC has developed a partnership with major French bank branches located in Cergy (LCL, BNP Paribas and Société Générale) to give you special terms and conditions. Loan applicants are required to have a guarantor living in France. According to the banks, the guarantor must earn enough to cover the monthly loan payments but also be a French citizen, a close family member and/or both. Additional fees and expenses will be the responsibility of the student. Prodigy FinanceInternational Students from 150 different nationalities admitted to the MSc in Marketing Management and Digital may now apply to Prodigy Finance loans. Contrary to the banks in France, Prodigy does not require a collateral or co-signer. These loans are granted on the students future earning potential and don’t take into account credit history. Students may apply online on the Prodigy website. There is no hidden fee or early repayment fee. Interest rates may vary depending on individual profiles. Funds are directly disbursed to the school in euro (€) so no exchange rates are borne by the student. Disbursement starts from September and loan application processing time may go up to a month and a half. The sooner you apply, the better. We advise you to check your eligibility on the Prodigy website before applying. US Federal & Private LoansMany US citizens or permanent residents opt to take out the US Federal Stafford and private Sallie Mae loans. These loans can cover up to the full cost of attendance and all applicants having a co-signer in the US are eligible for these loan programmes. ESSEC is listed as “ESSEC Business School", and has a code number of G30959. More information on Sallie MAE More information on US Federal loans Student JobsESSEC employs its students in a wide variety of functions which can help towards everyday living costs. These are part time short-term contracts for example assisting teachers, carrying out market research, helping out at conferences and events, contributing to social media, etc. 12decembre2024Discover Masters QS | ChennaiJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!13:30 - 17:00 | Chennai, IndiaRegister Now!15decembre2024Discover Masters QS | BangaloreJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!04:30 - 11:30 | Bangalore, IndiaRegister Now!1fevrier2025Open Day ESSEC 2025We are delighted to welcome you on Saturday, February 1, 2025, from 8:45 AM to 5:15 PM, at our Cergy campus, to help guide you in choosing the right program for your aspirations.08:45 - 17:15 | Cergy campusRegister Now!Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/master-data-sciences-business-analytics'}, page_content='Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics - ESSEC & CentraleSupélec || ESSEC Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics (DSBA) - ESSEC & CentraleSupélec Language English Duration 1 or 2 years depending on your degree Next intake End of August/Beginning of September 2025 Ranking #3 Best Master in Business Analytics Worldwide QS ranking 2025 Locations France (Cergy), Singapore BrochureApplyBrochure Applycontact OverviewProgramCampus lifeCareerAdmissionsFinancingEventsMaster in Data Sciences & Business Analytics (DSBA) - ESSEC & CentraleSupélecThe ESSEC-CentraleSupélec Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics program is a cutting-edge program that leverages the expertise of two of Europes most prestigious Business and Engineering Schools. This intensive, full-time program offers a comprehensive view of data sciences and business analytics, combining theoretical foundations with practical applications. 58% Hold degrees in Economics, Business and Finance 35% Hold degrees in Engineering and Sciences 7% Hold degrees in Languages and Social Sciences 23 Average age 39% Women 78% International students "If I had to describe the program in three words, I would say its challenging, motivational and rewarding".Mathieu KREMETH DSBA21 Recognized by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and InnovationThe ESSEC/ CentraleSupélec Master in Data Sciences and Business Analytics program is authorized by the French Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation to award a recognised BAC+5 degree, Master’s Grade, to its students. Authorisation is delivered following assessment by the National Management Programmes Assessment Commission (Commission d’Evaluation des Formations de Gestion - https://www.cefdg.fr) for a renewable period. This Commission undertakes assessment for all programs, with or without the Master’s Grade, delivered by business schools that are recognised by the French State to guarantee the quality of teaching delivered and the value of their degree. This is valid whether you do your program at France campus or at Singapore campus. “Welcome to France”- Campus FranceESSEC Business School has been recognized by Campus France and the Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation for the quality of its international students’ welcome. The school received the highest level that can be obtained from the "Bienvenue en France" certification, which is the third level. This certification recognizes the quality of ESSECs reception in all the criteria provided: The quality and accessibility of information The welcoming of new international students The academic offer Accommodations Campus life The quality of post-graduate follow-up Triple Crown Accreditation The academic excellence of ESSEC’s programs is recognized through its international standards in management training, and it holds the prestigious ”Triple Crown of accreditations: EQUIS, AACSB, and AMBA. For a global understanding of the challenges underlying the digital era and to master the science of data and the techniques of business analytics, the program has a strong scientific focus and aims to provide students with a comprehensive view of these complementary and intrinsically linked fields, enabling them to develop as fully-operational professionals. Academic Experience: Possibility to choose one out of seven specilaizations: Finance, Healthcare, Marketing, Retail, Consulting, Research & International.Besides the classes the studnets will have a chance to participate in the annual Hackaton, the Corporate reaserach Project and in various Masterclasses International Experience: Students get a chance to participate in an International Field Trip in Europe Professional Experience: Kickstart your career with a minimum 4-month internship at leading companies in the data sector Master 2 (M2)Paris campusA year to master the science of data and the techniques of business analytics, and tailor the program to your specific career goals Term 1 Core Courses Machine Learning, Optimization, Forecasting, Deep learning, etc... Term 2 Data science elective courses from your chosen sector : Finance, Healthcare, Marketing, Retail, Consulting, & Research Term 3 Business analytics elective courses from your chosen sector or International studies at ESSEC Singapore campus Summer Minimum 4 months compulsory internship or professional experience Master 1 If you start the program in M1, the total duration of the program will be 2 years (M1+M2). To build up your strength and help you build your foundations, you will begin the program with a first term of foundations in mathematics Refresher courses and foundation of data science. During the second and third term you will follow management and business core courses, as well as foundation of business analytics. You will also participate in the hackathon organized by Ekimetrics and Artefact. Through this first year, you will be able to discover your professional interest, to help you decide on which specialization to choose in Year 2 (M2). Examples of core courses include: Probability & Statistics Linear Algebra Algorithm, Python, C++ Optimization Econometrics 1 Introduction to Machine Learning Finance Game Theory Strategy & Management Data-driven Marketing Decision Theory Business Economics You can do a 4 month internship at the end of M1. Master 2This year (M2) is divided into three terms where you will master the science of data, the techniques of business analytics and specialize in one the seven specializations. Courses are tailor to your specific career goals while being highly specialized in content and addressing recent trends and challenges. At the end of term 1 you will choose your specialization from Finance, Healthcare, Marketing, Retail, Consulting, Research & International. Term 1: Build your Foundations During the tem 1 you will follow the core courses like Machine Learning 1 and 2 Deep learning 1 and 2 Cyber Securuty Machine Learning in Network Science Economectrics 2 etc. Term 2 & 3: Elective courses from your chosen specialization During the terms 2 & 3 you will follow the data science and business analytics elective courses from your chosen specialization. Specializations At the end of term 1 you will choose one of the 7 specializations offered by the program. 1. Finance In the finance specialization students will learn how to leverage AI and data analytics to optimize financial strategies, manage risks, and predict market trends. They will develop skills in financial modeling, algorithmic trading, and fraud detection. Core courses include: Financial Econometrics, Financial Markets Trading, Digital Transformations of Markets, and Fintech etc. Professional Paths: Financial Analyst Quantitative Analyst Risk Manager Portfolio Manager Financial Data Scientist 2. Healthtech The healthtech specialization focuses on the application of AI and data science in healthcare. Students will explore technologies that improve patient care, streamline hospital operations, and enhance medical research. Core courses include: Medical Imaging, Analytics in Healthcare, AI in Healthcare etc. Professional Paths: Health Data Analyst Bioinformatics Specialist Clinical Data Scientist Healthcare Consultant Medical AI Researcher 3. Marketing & Consumer In marketing and consumer, students will learn to use data-driven insights to shape marketing strategies, understand consumer behavior, and personalize customer experiences. Core courses include: Business Intelligence, Omnichannel Digital Strategies, Gen AI fundamentals, Impacts & Project development Professional Paths: Marketing Analyst Consumer Insights Specialist Digital Marketing Manager CRM Analyst Market Researcher 4. Retailtech, Supply & Sustainability This combined sector focuses on the application of AI and data science to optimize retail operations, supply chains, and promote sustainability. Students will learn to enhance the retail experience, streamline logistics, reduce waste, and improve supply network efficiency. Core courses include: Supply Chain Analytics, Machine Learning in Network Science, Data Vizualisation Professional Paths: Retail Data Scientist E-commerce Analyst Inventory Optimization Specialist Supply Chain Analyst Sustainability Consultant Operations Manager Retail Strategy Consultant 5. Consulting & Strategy Consulting and Strategy focus on using AI and data analytics to solve complex business problems and devise strategic initiatives. Students will develop expertise in data-driven decision-making and business transformation. Core courses include: Decision Analysis, Advanced Applications of AI in Business and Data Monetization, Blockchain Professional Paths: Business Analyst Strategy Consultant Management Consultant Data Strategy Manager Business Intelligence Analyst 6. Research The research specialization prepares students for careers in academic and industrial research, focusing on developing new AI and data science methodologies. Students will engage in cutting-edge research projects and contribute to the advancement of the field. Core courses include: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning in Practice Professional Paths: Research Scientist Data Science Researcher AI Research Engineer Academic Researcher R&D Specialist 7. International (Singapore) This specialization equips the students with a global business perspective, focusing on Asian economies and cybersecurity. Students will apply data science to regional business challanges, exploring the role of analytics in economic growth and digital security within Singapores dynamic economy. Core courses include: Asian Economies, Sequential Prediction, Optimization & Investment, Cyber Security Professional Paths: Global Data Analyst: Analyze business data in the context of Asian markets Cybersecurity Data Scientist: Mitigate cyber risks using data science Business Intelligence Consultant (Asia): Advise on data strategies for multinational businesses Global Supply Chain Analyst: Optimize supply chains in Asia using analytics Economic Data Strategist (Asia): Provide insights on regional economic trends Hands-on Field ExperienceThe Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics is built on the premise of learning by doing. That is to say, we dont want you to just theorize about your chosen field of expertise, but to experience it and to delve into the complexity of business life in the real world. Hackathons Each year (M1 & M2), you will complete and validate a Hackathon - a project spread over a few days organized and monitored together with a partner company- requiring innovative ideas for analyzing and visualizing data. Some partner companies are Ekimetrics and Artefact. Corporate Research Project The Corporate Research Project spans January-June of M2. Students work in teams to solve key strategic questions posed by partner companies using their proprietary data, enabling students to gain valuable insights and become directly operational. This project boosts their career prospects. Masterclasses Masterclases will take place throughout the year at M2. Some examples are: Strategic Business Analytics, Data Security, Data Ethics Regulation, Data Driven Entrepreneurship, Business Ethics, AI in HR Management, Digital Economics Internships Master 1: 3 months Internship (Optional) This optional internship takes place at the end of Year 1 (M1) and allows you to put the knowledge and skills you have learned to practice in a real-life context. Master 2: 4 to 6 months Internship (or Professional Experience) Your internship can take place anywhere in the world and is designed to boost your professional integration. Through the developed network of ESSEC and of CentraleSupélecs partnering firms, institutions, and alumni, you are sure to easily find an internship that suits your career ambitions. International Study TripThe International Field Trip is a one-week trip in M2 to meet key actors, local professionals and business leaders all over the world, and confront your knowledge of best practices and emerging applications of analytics developing in other countries. Recent travel destinations include Berlin, Tallinn, Stockholm, Barcelona etc. Fragkiskos MALLIAROSAcademic Co-Director,PhD in Computer Science,École Polytechnique (France)Guillaume CHEVILLONAcademic Co-Director,D.Phil. in Economics,University of Oxford (UK)Nikos PARAGIOSAcademic Co-Director,PhD in Computer Science,École Polytechnique (France)Roberto RENOAcademic Co-Director,PhD in Financial Mathematics, Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa (Italy)Pierre GALLETExecutive DirectorMaster in DSBA 15, 1st promotion, ESSEC/CentraleSupélec (France)Lecturer of Statistics & Generative AIEntrepreneur and Investor Dual Degree ESSEC | CentraleSupélec and Columbia UniversityESSEC I CentraleSupelec and Columbia University dual degree is a two-year program where students study one year at ESSEC I CentraleSupelec and one year at Columbia University. Upon completion, students will be awarded two degrees: the Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics from ESSEC I CentraleSupelec and the MS degree in Business Analytics from Columbia. After studying the first period at ESSEC | CentraleSupelec, students who wish to participate in the dual degree must submit an application in February and will go through a pre-selection process run by ESSEC I CentraleSupelec. The final selection will be made by Columbia University. Students will pay tuition and fees each academic year to the Institution where they are enrolled. Exchange Program ESSEC | CentraleSupelec and Hong Kong University of Science & Technology (HKUST) Master in Data Sciences & Business Analyticss students can apply to go on an exchange for approximately two months at the Hong Kong University of Science & Technology (HKUST) during the Term 3. There are limited available seats. Dual Degree ESSEC | University of California, Berkeley This partnership with University of California, Berkeley will permit DSBA students with a scientific background to complete the 1-year Master of Engineering program from UC Berkeley (August to June) after the completion of the Master in Data Sciences and Business Analytics program. Over the years, successive classes of students at ESSEC Business School have founded and managed more than 100 clubs and organizations, with a wide variety of themes: sports, cultural, humanitarian, international or civic, there is something for everyone!These organizations, often founded and managed by the students themselves, aim to foster student life, promote the schools values, develop students professional skills, and contribute to the social and cultural life of the campus.Find out more Data Oriented Thinking ESSEC-CentraleSupélec Data Oriented Thinking (DOT) ESSEC-CentraleSupélec is a student-led association between ESSEC Business School and CentraleSupélec – Unversité Paris Saclay. This is the first association of its kind to bridge the two schools. The objective of DOT is to allow students from all backgrounds at ESSEC and CentraleSupélec to gain a thorough understanding of the domain of data and its different applications. As our world revolves increasingly around data collection, mining, predictions, and interpretations, it is essential for leaders of tomorrow to fully grasp data-oriented thinking. Indeed, outside the context of specific teachings such as the Data Sciences & Business Analytics program, we have seen that this theme is often viewed as a distant subject and reserved for certain fields of study.ESSEC Paris-Cergy CampusESSECs historic campus is located in the city of Cergy, about 30 km northwest of Paris. The campus covers more than seven hectares and offers modern and spacious facilities. It includes several buildings, a library, a gymnasium inaugurated in 2023, as well as areas for relaxing between classes. Find out more about ESSECs Paris-Cergy CampusESSEC Asia-Pacific CampusESSECs Asia-Pacific Campus, which was inaugurated in 2015, is located in Singapore, Asia, a dynamic city-state known for its thriving business environment and multicultural population. The campus is located in the heart of the city, close to major business centers and commercial areas. Find out more about ESSECs Asia-Pacific CampusA Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics dedicated campus is available for the DSBA students in Paris. Located at the crossroads of the 14th, 15th and 6th Arrondissement, it will host the first term for M1 students, and the majority of the courses for M2 students. This campus presents an opportunity for DSBA students to have their own locale, and a place where the cohort can work, participate and organize events. In September 2017, CentraleSupélec opened the doors to its brand new Saclay campus, in Gif-sur-Yvette: 105,000m2 of excellence and innovation comprising 4 buildings, of which two are completely new. Located 25 km south of Paris, it will attract more than 30,000 people, of which 8,000 students and scientific equipment employees from both public and private sectors. On this campus, we organize cultural, social and even technological activities, such as Gala, Central Business Forum, Centrale 7, etc. for ove 2,000 students from 60 countries. Doing sports and relaxing is also essential for many Centralers’: our campus houses gyms, restaurants, collaborative work spaces, sports rooms and many other facilities. "The program has the right mix of two aspects between Data Sciences and Busniess Analytics".Cynthia EL-HAYEKDSBA18Accenture, Adore me, Agoda, Airbnb, Allianz Real Estate Gmbh, Amazon, Artefact, Asana Rebel, Atos, Aura, AXA Investment Managers, Balderton Capital, Bling, Boston Consulting Group, Canal+ International, Carrefour, Checkout.com, China Development Institute, Criteo, Dassault Systemes, Dejbox, Deliveroo, Deloitte, Droidhang, Électricité de France, Elsevier, Entropica Labs, Epigene Labs, EY, EyeEm, Flaconi GmbH, Flink, Gebel Group, Goldman Sachs, Google, Harvest, IBM, Incepto, Jus Mundi, Kaiko, Kobi, Lalamove, Ledger, Meta, Morgan Stanley, NODEL, Opensee, orfus, Pelico, Perfumist Big Data Solutions, Pivot & Co, Polyconseil, PwC, Quinten, Razer, Saipem, Shift Technology, Shine, Société Générale, SolvencyAnalytics AG, TikTok, TOTEM, Uber, Veepee, Visable GmbH, Vortexa Ltd, Wavestone, Weekendr, Wiwynn, Wolters Kluwer,... ESSEC Career Services Throughout your time at ESSEC, the Career Services will accompany you in defining your career plan and facilitating your entry into the professional world. Career guidance and advice ESSEC Career Services provides orientation and support to help students find suitable positions upon graduating. These services include personal development coaching which has been designed to help students capitalize on their skills and experience, so they become conscious of their assets. By defining a personal strategy to market their skills, students optimize their chances of succeeding on their chosen career path.The Career Services also organize individual counseling, workshops, mock interviews, conferences and opportunities to meet with executive search consultants, industry leaders/CEOs and HR Directors. Each year, there are: 25,000 exclusive job postings: internships, apprenticeships, graduate programs, V.I.E and jobs 450+ meetings with recruiters based in France and all around the world: job fairs, company presentations and case studies Nearly 4,000 individual appointments with career consultants An access to 3 learning platforms and 50+ articles, training and self-teaching modules.200+ career-related workshop ESSEC Alumni: A network For Life When you join ESSEC Business School, you join a community and will discover the power of the ESSEC network. ESSEC Alumni already has 71,000 graduates with diverse profiles dispersed in all corners of the world. With unique personalities, they share a common goal: to achieve their career objectives. As you enter ESSEC, you become a member of ESSEC Alumni and you remain one forever. This is the lifetime membership, that ESSEC has been the first French Business School with a global reach to put in place. ESSEC Alumni is by your side at every stage of your career: When you are a student, to guide you in finding professional opportunities through the network, exchanging with graduates, benefiting from various services to launch your start-up, and staying up to date with the latest news from the ESSEC community. When you are a graduate, to support you throughout your professional life, help you develop your network and exchange with your peers, guide you in benefiting from services for your start-up, and allow you to rediscover the atmosphere of your ESSEC years. CentraleSupélec Alumni: A Network for LifeCentraleSupelec Alumni is a community of more than 55 000 graduates, spread over more than 80 countries. It stands alongside students and graduates throughout their life and offers them: Various events: conferences, workshops and networking events to get together and share the best of the CentraleSupélec network Advices on career choices and career paths Publications to keep the CentraleSupélec community up-to-date with the news Personalized support packages: professional project workshops, graduate-student mentoring during the course of their studies Entrepreneurship & InnovationSince its creation, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, which lies at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices. ESSEC Ventures is a structure that supports ESSEC students with business projects. It consists of an incubator, a talent incubator, and a seed fund. It also organizes numerous events bringing together entrepreneurs and investors. ESSEC Antropia is a structure that supports ESSEC students with social enterprise projects so that social, environmental, and economic considerations can come together to create a better world. Finance FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with financial institutions such as: Ardian, AXA, BNP Paribas, Bpifrance, Candriam, Centerview Partners, Crédit Agricole CIB, Hines, Moody’s, ODDO BHF, Qonto, Rothschild & co, Société Générale, UBS, etc. Consulting FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with consulting firms such as: Accenture, Accuracy, Bain & Company, BearingPoint, BCG, Capgemini Invent, KPMG, Mazars, McKinsey & Company, Roland Berger, Wavestone, etc. Talent DaysThis recruitment fair brings together around hundred companies. You will establish contacts with companies from all sectors of activity, such as: Air Liquide, Amazon, Bouygues, Carrefour, Ekimetrics, Groupe Casino, Henkel, L’Oréal, LVMH, Metro, Orange, Saint-Gobain, Le Groupe TF1, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield, Unilever, Vinci, etc. Start-up & Innovative Companies FairThis fair brings together start-ups for a pitch and speed recruiting day. STEP 1: Anticipate, prepare and take the testsYou will need to provide:- 1 Management test score - mandatory- 1 English test score - mandatory. The English test is not required if the applicant has spent at least 3 years in a higher education program completely taught in English. In that case, please provide us an official certificate with the mention that the medium of instruction is English. TEST VALIDITY* Management Test GMAT Exam, GMAT, GMAT Online, or GMAT Focus Edition 5 years Select "ESSEC Business School-Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics" GRE or GRE Test at Home (Verbal Reasoning, Quantitative Reasoning and Analytical Writing) 5 years Institution Code: 0839 Tage-Mage 2 years English Test TOEFL iBT, TOEFL iBT Special at Home Edition The English tests must not be older than 2 years at the application deadline (application round you choose to apply in) Minimum score 95 Institution Code: 0520 IELTS Academic Minimum score 6.5 Cambridge B2 First Minimum Minimum score 175 TOEIC Listening and Reading Minimum score 850 *The tests must be valid at the time of closing of the application session. It can take several months to prepare and register for an exam slot for these tests. Keep this in mind before starting your application as without these test scores uploaded in your application file, it will be incomplete. Click here to take the GMAT Quiz and get an estimate of your score. Please note that you cannot apply with a GMAT Quiz score. STEP 2: Start your online applicationCreate your candidate account. You can fill in the online application at your own pace and come back to it at any point. You can only apply once per program each academic year. Once validated, your campus choice is final. Once submitted, your campus and track choices are final. STEP 3: Upload Your Supporting DocumentsA complete application file includes the following items. Incomplete application will not be processed. All documents must be provided in English or French (except the CV, which must be provided in English only). Official translations must be provided for documents in other languages by a certified translator. Items Description Curriculum Vitae 1 page maximum - in English Degree(s) obtained Authenticated copies of accredited degrees since high school (school leaving). While applying, if you do not have your final diploma that makes you eligible for the program, you can apply with an Enrolment Certificate, with an expected graduation date. Important: By mid-December of your starting year at ESSEC, you will have to provide a copy of your diploma (or a certificate of completion). Transcripts/Grade Sheets Upload Authenticated copies of official transcripts, in chronological order, for all academic terms attended since high school, including exchange programs, repeated years, preparatory classes, grading system details and double degree (simple copies and screenshots are not accepted). If your studies have been interrupted, please add a letter with the academic year concerned and explain the reasons (gap year, illness, change of direction, travel, employment, leave, internship, etc.). 2 x References One academic and one professional reference is highly recommended. It is the applicants responsibility to enter details of both the referees as soon as possible to allow them to send the online recommendation on time. Once you enter their details and save, a link is sent to them immediately to fill out the recommendation online. 1 Management Test Copy of official score (test taker version) 1 English Test 1 Certificate for Athletes (if applicable) A certificate for High Level Athlete (HLA) or Certificate of Aptitude for Sports Practice is required. The certificate must be valid at the time of application. 1 Identity Card Passport or National Identity Card (only for EU citizens) 1 Photograph A recent ID photo Application Fee €100 non-refundable and payable online onlyClick to see if you are exempted STEP 4: Submit your applicationOnce you have completed your online application and have attached all the supporting documents, the final step is to submit your online application. Once you have submitted your application online, you cannot make changes to your application. Please keep in mind that there are several rounds of admissions. The deadlines to submit your application are listed in the table above. STEP 5: Your application file is ready for reviewOnce submitted, your application will be reviewed by the admission committee. Each part of your application is taken into account, hence the need to complete it conscientiously. Kindly note that if a clarification is needed, an interview may be scheduled. STEP 6: Get your resultsYour application will be assessed by the Academic Directors and an admissions committee. You will be notified about the results by email (refer to the above mentioned calendar). If you have been successful, you will then be contacted by the Admissions Office to inform you how to confirm your place in the program. If you applied for one-year program, please note that if the commission board finds that your experience or background is strong but not complete enough in some required aspects, you may be asked to join the two-year program instead in order to build up your strength and ensure your success. Please note that once your admission is confirmed, you will not be able to change tracks anymore. Step 7: Secure your seatFollowing your admission, make sure to secure your seat in the program by paying the non-refundable deposit within 2 weeks. This amount will be deducted from your tuition fee. Do you need more information?You need more information to prepare your application? Please refer to this link for insights on our application portal. How important are the references?References are very important. The admissions committee is used to looking at these and the ones that make the difference outline concrete examples of how the student lives up to the praise/recommendations given. You should therefore select references who know you best and have experience of working with you either academically or professionally. It is much better to have a reference from someone who knows you than from someone you have selected due to their position. How important is the GMAT score?The GMAT is a very important part of your application. It is mandatory and we encourage you to get ready for the GMAT exam in advance. You should aim for as high a GMAT score as you can possibly achieve. Is a certain level of French required for the program?No, the program is taught in English and all of the staff members speak English. You have the chance to learn French during your program.However, we strongly recommend you try and learn French when you are here. Acquiring the language does help you during your time at ESSEC and in France. If you want to remain in France for your internship or job in the future, learning French is fundamental. How will my application be evaluated?Every application is thoroughly reviewed by the admissions board which is composed of both academic and professional staff, with consideration given to all elements including hard and soft skills. STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 1 YEAR (M2) Valid for 2025 Intake European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €28,100 €31,200 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of the academic year €23,100 €26,200 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €3,150 €3,250 STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 2 YEARS (M1+M2) Valid for 2025 Intake Master 1 (M1) Master 2 (M2) European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €14,400 €14,400 €28,100 €31,200 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining Tuition Fee The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of each academic year €9,400 €9,400 €28,100 €31,200 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €3,260 €3,460 Scholarships ESSEC Academic Excellence/Diversity ScholarshipsDescription: To sustain the academic excellence of the program and enhance the education and experience of our students, ESSEC Business School offers the Academic Excellence scholarship to outstanding candidates and the Diversity Scholarship to students with varied cultural perspectives and backgrounds. Eligibility: Open to all applicants and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file: outstanding Management test scores, strong motivation, etc.;Diversity Scholarship - Demonstrate academic excellence and bring diversity in terms of citizenship, prior education or background. Amount: Can cover up to 50% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. Women in Data Sciences & Business Analytics ScholarshipDataiku Scholarship Description: Dataiku is committed to shaping the future of data & AI in a way which is fair and diverse, for people and the planet. As part of this commitment to diversity and inclusion, the company believes it has a responsibility to provide education and mentoring for the future female data science leaders of the world. From 2020 onwards, ESSECs partnership with Dataiku will allow international female students admitted to the Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics to receive a scholarship. Eligibility: All female students with a citizenship of a country in Asia, Latin America, Africa and Europe (excluding France), who have obtained or are currently pursuing a non-French degree. Amount: Up to 50% of total tuition fees. Procedure: ESSEC will submit applications to Dataiku on behalf of the admitted female students from the program. Shortlisted scholarship candidates will be contacted for an interview with Dataiku. Ardian Singapore Track ScholarshipDescription: Since 2012, ESSEC has a special partnership with Ardian Foundation which grants 5 to 6 fellowships for exceptional international candidates. Eligibility: Open to all international applicants of the Singapore Track and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file. Amount: Can cover up to 30% of total tuition fees. Procedure: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the programme. LIFE Lebanon ScholarshipDescription: A platform to channel the influence of Lebanese finance executives worldwide in order to establish stronger bonds, nurture the next generation and promote Lebanon. Eligibility: Candidate must be Lebanese or of Lebanese descent, achieve and maintain academic excellence, demonstrate interest in pursuing a career in Finance and must be in financial need. Amount: Up to 12 000 USD per year for the duration of the academic program. Procedure: ESSEC submits applications for LIFE scholarships on your behalf. EIFFEL ScholarshipDESCRIPTION: The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs funds EIFFEL scholarship. ELIGIBILITY: Reserved for non-French candidates, double nationality included, no older than 30 years old at the time the selection committee will meet (around mid-March). AMOUNT: A monthly allowance of €1,181 and covered costs of one international return journey and social security cover. PROCEDURE: ESSEC submits applications for EIFFEL scholarships on your behalf. Your application should be completed and submitted therefore in the first round of applications. Student Loans FranceAs an ESSEC student, you can take out a preferential rate bank loan, which covers full tuition and is repaid starting at the end of your first year of work. Loan applicants are required to have a guarantor living in France. According to the banks, the guarantor must earn enough to cover the monthly loan payments but also either be a French citizen, a close family member and/or both. Additional fees and expenses will be the responsibility of the student. Prodigy FinanceInternational Students from 150 different nationalities admitted to the Master in Finance may now apply to Prodigy Finance loans. Contrary to the banks in France, Prodigy does not require a collateral or co-signer. These loans are granted on the students future earning potential and do not take into account credit history. Students may apply online on the Prodigy website. There is no hidden fee or early repayment fee. Interest rates may vary depending on individual profiles. Funds are directly disbursed to the school in euro (€) so no exchange rates are borne by the student. Disbursement starts from September and loan application processing time may go up to a month and a half. The sooner you apply, the better. We advise you to carefully read the Prodigy website to check your eligibility before applying. US Federal & Private LoansMany US citizens or permanent residents opt to take out the US Federal Stafford and private Sallie Mae loans. These loans can cover up to the full cost of attendance and all applicants having a co-signer in the US are eligible for these loan programmes. ESSEC is listed as “ESSEC Business School", and has a code number of G30959. More information on Sallie MAE More information on US Federal loans Student jobsESSEC employs its students in a wide variety of functions which can help towards everyday living costs. These are part time short-term contracts for example assisting teachers, carrying out market research, helping out at conferences and events, contributing to social media, etc. 11decembre2024DSBA Program Presentation Join us for a Live Q&A to discover the Master in Data Sciences and Business Analytics (DSBA) Program with Academic Co-Director Fragkiskos Malliaros and DSBA student Bertille Mathieu who will be happy to answer all your questions concerning the program, scholarships, student life, admissions etc.!12:00 - 13:00 | OnlineRegister Now!12decembre2024Discover Masters QS | ChennaiJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!13:30 - 17:00 | Chennai, IndiaRegister Now!15decembre2024Discover Masters QS | BangaloreJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!04:30 - 11:30 | Bangalore, IndiaRegister Now!1fevrier2025Open Day ESSEC 2025We are delighted to welcome you on Saturday, February 1, 2025, from 8:45 AM to 5:15 PM, at our Cergy campus, to help guide you in choosing the right program for your aspirations.08:45 - 17:15 | Cergy campusRegister Now!Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/programs/executive-diplomas'}, page_content='Executive Diplomas || ESSEC Executive Diplomas type_de_lieu selectionner langue selectionner type_annee_experience selectionnerNumber of programs: 0'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/about-executive-education'}, page_content='Executive Education programs tailored to the needs of professionals || ESSEC About Executive Education Languages French, English Duration From 2 days to 18 days Locations Paris (La Défense) – CNIT Campus, Rabat, SingaporeBrochureBrochure contact OverviewI am a professionalI want to train my colleaguesAbout Executive EducationFind a program that meets your need: #6 in the world in Executive Education (Financial Times, 2022) 4 campuses in Cergy (France), Paris - La Defense (France), Singapore and Rabat (Morocco) 5 000 managers trained every year 154 professors, including 24 Emeritus professors 71 000 alumni worldwide 24 chairs, supported by over 1,000 companies A Network of Excellence You have completed a degree, certification or short program? You are now part of the ESSEC Executive community!Take advantage of networking, mentoring and continuous learning opportunities to advance your career in an ever-changing world.Learn moreformation-continue All our Executive programs Explore our full range of programs designed to meet the professional development needs of executives and leaders.Find out moreformation-continue Executive Diplomas Boost your career as a responsible leader thanks to ESSEC’s Executive Diplomas, designed for executives, managers, experts, or leaders aiming to enhance their skills, transition careers, or embark on entrepreneurial ventures. Find out moreformation-continue Certificates & short programs Refine your expertise and unlock your potential with ESSEC Business School’s array of short courses. Discover our certificates and short programs (2 to 6 days) covering a diverse range of key management areas for a rapid and targeted skills development.Find out moreformation-continue ESSEC Online Explore academic excellence with ESSECs online programs with our range of dedicated programs, offering a variety of choices for your professional development. Short courses for professionals seeking continuous development. Find out moreformation-continue Executive MBA ESSEC’s MBA programs are graduate-level programs that cater to experienced professionals seeking to elevate their management skills and fast-track their career progression. Embark on our hybrid, modular or weekend format Executive MBAs, to be completed in just 18 months.Find out moreformation-continue Global MBA Unlock opportunities in your desired industry with ESSEC’s Global MBA, a comprehensive 12-month full-time program, based in France. Participants receive specialized training designed to facilitate a smooth and successful transition into a new career. Find out moreformation-continue Custom Programs Build a customized program that aligns with your organization’s need, objective culture and transformational challenges.Find out moreformation-continue Open Programs Train your collaborators with a program adapted to their needs through our catalog of degrees, executive certificates and short programs.Find out moreNeed help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/programme/bachelor-act-admission-internationale'}, page_content='Bachelor ACT Admission Internationale – Apprendre à conduire les transitions || ESSEC Bachelor ACT - Admission Internationale Langue Français Durée 3 ans (180 ECTS) Date de rentrée 9 Septembre 2024 Format Temps plein et/ou alternance la 3ème annéeBrochureCandidater Brochure Candidater contact PrésentationProgrammeVie étudiante & CampusCarrièreAdmissionFinancementÉvènementsBachelor ACT - Admission Internationale Diplôme délivré : Grade de licence - Diplôme commun ESSEC / CY Cergy Paris Université (Bac +3, niveau 6) Lieux : France “Face aux crises écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales que nous traversons, ouvrir nos yeux et notre conscience n’est plus un choix : c’est une nécessité. L’ampleur, la vitesse et la profondeur des transformations du monde sont inédites. Pour accompagner le changement et accélérer les transitions, des milliers d’acteurs se mobilisent et mettent leurs compétences au service de nouveaux modèles pour notre économie et notre société, alliant la conscience de l’urgence et le courage de bâtir un monde plus juste et durable. C’est pour répondre à ces besoins que l’ESSEC et CY- Cergy Paris Université ont décidé de combiner les forces d’une grande école de management avec celles d’une université publique pluridisciplinaire pour co-créer une nouvelle formation d’excellence dédiée aux transitions : le Bachelor ACT”. Vincenzo VinziDirecteur généralESSEC Business School Laurent GatineauPrésident de CYCergy Paris Université Le Bachelor Act est une nouvelle formation Bac +3, délivrant un grade de licence, lancée par l’ESSEC et CY Cergy Paris Université. Pluridisciplinaire et fondée sur une pédagogie active et une approche par compétences, son objectif est de permettre aux étudiants de maîtriser la conduite de projets au service des transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales. Le programme est enregistré au RNCP – Fiche RNCP37249(niveau 6). Le Bachelor ACT est visé et possède le grade de Licence. Formation pluri- et transdisciplinaire, le programme intègre, tant en modules séparés que mixtes : Les sciences de l’environnement (écologie, biologie, physique, ect.) pour comprendre le système terre et les liens entre le climat, l’activité humaine et le vivant ; Les sciences sociales (sociologie, économie, politiques, psychologie, philosophie…) pour comprendre les transitions et agir à l’échelle des sociétés et des organisations ; Les sciences de gestion (stratégie, management, finance, comptabilité, marketing, science de la décision…) pour apprendre à agir dans un environnement professionnel ; Les sciences appliquées : outils informatiques, numériques et travail collaboratif. Le Bachelor ACT combine cours théoriques et expérimentations terrain permettant d’acquérir des compétences professionnelles clés. Comprendre les enjeux des transitions à lère de lanthropocène Comprendre les enjeux systémiques du système terre et des liens entre le climat, la biodiversité et les sociétés humaines Comprendre les grands enjeux de société contemporains : la lutte contre la pauvreté, l’éducation, la biodiversité, l’égalité des chances, Comprendre les rôles, spécificités, les enjeux et les relations des différentes institutions, collectivités, entreprises et organisations Découvrir différents modes d’engagement et identifier les leviers de changements sociétaux Maîtriser la méthodologie de recherche Connaître et utiliser différentes méthodologies d’enquête sur le terrain Apprendre à trouver, questionner, analyser l’information avec un esprit critique Savoir évaluer les impacts économiques, sociaux, environnementaux d’une activité humaine Concevoir et piloter un projet Maîtriser le processus et les outils du design thinking Piloter un projet (charte, objectifs, planification, analyse de risques, répartition des rôles) Construire collectivement une vision partagée et formuler une raison d’être Définir un modèle économique vertueux au service d’un projet social et/ou environnemental Acquérir les principes de base de la comptabilité et du droit des sociétés Concevoir et mettre en oeuvre une stratégie marketing et de communication avec éthique Collaborer et décider ensemble Apprendre à collaborer et à travailler efficacement en équipe apprenante Maîtriser les processus et les outils de créativité, d’intelligence collective et de prise de décision collaborative Développer son leadership positif en renforçant sa capacité à prendre soin de soi et de l’autre Apprendre à négocier et à établir des partenariats dans une logique gagnant-gagnant Ecouter, s’exprimer et se faire entendre Développer ses capacités à communiquer à l’écrit et à l’oral Débattre et argumenter avec éthique en toute circonstance Comprendre et apprendre à maîtriser les réseaux sociaux Construire et mettre en oeuvre une dynamique d’actions collectives originales et créatives sur un territoire (community organizing) Trouver sa voie et ce qui nous anime Apprendre à se connaître et à s’estimer Clarifier ses projets personnels et professionnels Développer une posture apprenante et résiliente Incarner avec indulgence le changement qu’on veut voir dans le monde Chaque étudiant apprend à mener des projets et à cultiver son esprit d’initiative, par des expériences concrètes, des modules de cours donnés par des enseignants et des professionnels engagés, des projets collectifs, des immersions, des rencontres, des engagements personnels. S’appuyant sur une pédagogie innovante, active et collaborative, le programme permet à chaque étudiant de construire ses projets d’avenir en accord avec sa personnalité, tout en trouvant sa voie dans le collectif. Cela passe par des formats d’apprentissage variés et complémentaires : projets collectifs en situation réelle, immersions et visites terrains, modules d’exploration libre, séminaires collectifs, agora, classes inversées, module en autogestion, accompagnement personnalisé… Le programme permet de personnaliser son parcours de formation. C’est un parcours exigeant et très riche. La possibilité de faire un échange universitaire à l’international ou une année en alternance (et donc de faire financer sa formation).Les missions professionnelles sont déterminantes dans le cursus des étudiants du Bachelor ACT. Au cours des 3 ans, ils devront effectuer plusieurs stages pour pouvoir mettre en pratique les enseignements au sein d’une structure. L’alternance est également proposée en 3ème année.Les stages : Durant les 3 ans de Bachelor, plusieurs stages doivent être effectués d’une durée de 3 à 4 mois au sein d’une entreprise, d’une association ou d’une collectivité. Au total, les étudiants réalisent entre 9 et 16 mois de stage tout au long de leur scolarité. A cela s’ajoutent des missions et des projets en situation réelle qui viennent enrichir les compétences et l’expérience professionnelle des étudiants. La 3ème année du Bachelor ACT : Lors de la 3ème année, les étudiants ont le choix entre réaliser : Leur cinquième semestre en échange universitaire. Leur cinquième semestre en stage dans une organisation à l’étranger. Leur 3ème année en alternance. Limmersion internationale est un élément clé de la pédagogie du programme. Elle vous prépare à aborder une carrière professionnelle à linternational dans les meilleures dispositions et vous permet dapprendre à évoluer au sein denvironnements multiculturels. Répartie tout au long du parcours, cette expérience à linternational peut être menée sous la forme de stages ou déchanges à létranger. Les échanges universitaires Au cours de sa scolarité, chaque étudiant pourra effectuer son semestre en échange universitaire au sein de lune des universités partenaires. Les expériences professionnelles à l’international Chaque année, les étudiants peuvent effectuer leur stage à létranger avec pour objectif de préparer une carrière à l’international. De manière plus exceptionnelle, l’apprentissage peut aussi être réalisé à l’étranger si l’entreprise a un statut juridique français.Les enseignements se dérouleront sur le campus de l’ESSEC et de CY Cergy Paris Université (site Bernard Hirsch). Les campus sont situés à 40 minutes en train (RER) du centre de Paris à Cergy, 2ᵉ pôle universitaire d’Ile-de-France qui accueille 27 000 étudiants. Au cœur de la ville, les 2 campus sont à quelques minutes à pieds l’un de l’autre. De son côté, le campus de l’ESSEC dispose de nombreux services : résidences étudiantes, infrastructures sportives (gymnase, courts de tennis, salle de sport), cafétéria, Learning Center (espace de créativité, de partage de la connaissance)… Les étudiants pourront bénéficier d’infrastructures modernes à la pointe de la technologie. Ce campus bénéficie également de son propre écosystème dédié à l’entrepreneuriat, à l’innovation sociale et écologique. ainsi qu’à l’égalité, la diversité et l’inclusion. Le campus Hirsch de CY accueille quant à lui l’Institut National du Professorat et de l’Education (INSPE). Les étudiants pourront bénéficier de la dynamique de ce campus ainsi que des infrastructures telles que la bibliothèque, le restaurant universitaire CROUS et les espaces verts aux alentours. CY Cergy Paris Université accompagne également les initiatives étudiantes, notamment à travers son réseau de FabLabs dont LabBoite qui se trouve à proximité des 2 campus. Vie associative Au fil des années, les promotions successives des 2 établissements ont fondé et gèrent plus d’une centaine de clubs et associations aux thématiques très variées : sportives, culturelles, humanitaires, internationales ou encore citoyennes, il y en a pour tous les goûts ! Les étudiants du Bachelor ACT pourront y contribuer activement selon leurs préférences. Ils pourront aussi rejoindre le BDE du Bachelor ACT afin de mener des projets en lien avec les valeurs portées par la formation. La poursuite en MasterRiche d’un écosystème diversifié et d’une pédagogie par l’action, le Bachelor ACT est un programme exigeant, dans lequel chaque étudiant peut acquérir des savoir-faire transversaux qui lui assurent de nombreux débouchés. La formation offre la possibilité pour les diplômés de poursuivre leurs études en Master avec toutes les clés en main pour élargir leur domaine d’expertise en lien avec les sujets de transitions : Management (Master Management de la Responsabilité Sociale de lEntreprise (RSE) ; Master Economie Sociale et Solidaire (ESS)) Innovation et entrepreneuriat (Master Management de l’innovation, Master Entrepreneuriat social) Environnement (Master Aménagement et développement durable des territoires) Ressources humaines (Master Ressources humaine et bien-être au travail, Master Conduite du changement) Sciences sociales et politiques (Master Sciences politiques, Master Développement culturel territorial) Relations internationales (Master Affaires internationales, Master Coopération internationale) Communication & Marketing (Master Marketing et communication responsable, Master Journalisme) Pour en savoir plus. Des métiers davenir utiles pour la sociétéLe Bachelor ACT prépare les étudiants à la conduite de projets dans les transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales pour agir : En entreprise dans des fonctions de stratégie, d’innovation, d’engagement, de diversité et dinclusion, liée à la raison d’être; Dans les collectivités territoriales, les administrations de l’État, les institutions européennes, dans le monde politique; Dans les institutions internationales ou les ONG d’envergure mondiale : UNESCO, OCDE, ONU, Banque Mondiale, etc.; Dans des cabinets de conseil et d’audit, cabinets d’étude, instituts de recherche ou organismes de régulation; Dans lEconomie Sociale et Solidaire : associations, des coopératives, des mutuelles Dans une start-up à impact, en tant qu’entrepreneur social ou chef de projet à impact Découvrez sur cette page une classification par enjeux de métiers envisageables directement après le Bachelor ACT ou après une spécialisation en Master. ESSEC Alumni : un réseau pour la vie !En entrant à l’ESSEC, vous rejoignez une communauté, la vôtre. Vous y trouverez la puissance d’un réseau. ESSEC Alumni, c’est déjà 71 000 diplômés aux parcours et profils très variés, dispersés dans les quatre coins du monde. Des personnalités uniques avec un but commun : atteindre ses objectifs de carrière ! Dès votre entrée à l’école, vous devenez membre d’ESSEC Alumni et le restez toujours. C’est le principe de l’adhésion à vie, que l’ESSEC a été la première des grandes business schools parisiennes à mettre en place. Ainsi, à chaque étape de votre parcours, ESSEC Alumni vous permet de : trouver un stage/ un emploi, en France et à l’international gérer votre progression professionnelle changer de métier, devenir entrepreneur ou consultant indépendant échanger sur des sujets communs entretenir les liens avec vos camarades de promotion et la communauté Découvrez tous les services et facilités proposés par ESSEC Alumni. Career services et autresTout au long du cursus, le Career Services (Service Carrière de lESSEC) vous accompagne pour : Définir votre projet professionnel et le faire évoluer à travers une meilleure connaissance des métiers et des entreprises. Mettre en œuvre une stratégie gagnante de recherche d’emploi en France comme à l’international. Optimiser votre profil LinkedIn, rédiger votre CV et lettre de motivation avec impact, ainsi que de développer votre réseau efficacement. De préparer les différents types d’entretiens grâce aux mises en situation (pitch) et de bien vous positionner lors des négociations salariales. De plus, il organise de nombreux évènements pour faciliter votre insertion professionnelle : Forums de recrutement avec nos entreprises partenaires Séminaires sur les secteurs d’activité, tables rondes métiers et présentations d’entreprises Ateliers de rédaction de CV et de lettres de motivation Stratégie de recherche de stage en France et à l’étranger Simulations d’entretien de recrutement Ateliers réseaux sociaux et image numérique Networking grâce à des présentations d’entreprises, conférences métiers, sessions de recrutement, workshops, masterclass et semaines internationales Si vous êtes motivé par les défis de société qu’ils soient environnementaux (climat, biodiversité, ect.), sociaux (justice sociale, égalité des chances, ect. ) ou citoyens (vie démocratique, … Si vous êtes engagé à travers vos centres dintérêts, vos activités extra-scolaires, votre implication dans la vie du lycée ou de votre ville, à travers des responsabilités prises au sein d’une association, d’un club ou au sein de votre famille. Si vous vous projeter dans une carrière engagée, dans les métiers du développement durable, de la responsabilité sociale, de l’économie sociale et solidaire, des institutions et collectivités ou encore des ONG. Étape 1 : Démarrez votre candidature Pour démarrer votre candidature, vous devez dabord créer votre compte en ligne.Votre dossier de candidature en ligne peut être complété en plusieurs étapes. Vous pouvez donc y revenir à tout moment jusqu’à la date de clôture des inscriptions. Une fois votre candidature validée (submit), vous ne pourrez plus la modifier.N’oubliez pas votre mot de passe, il vous sera demandé à chaque connexion. Étape 2 : Constituez votre dossier Chaque candidat devra déposer un dossier de candidature qui comprendra les documents suivants :• Pièce d’identité • Relevé de notes des 3 dernières années ;• Curriculum vitae• Diplôme du bac ou certificat de scolarité • Le score d’un test de langue française pour les candidats non francophones (DELF B2 , TCF score de 450 minimum). Les candidats non francophones ayant suivi au moins deux années détudes secondaires dans un programme enseigné en français sont exemptés.• Une lettre de recommandation optionnelle Frais de dossier : 40€ (candidats non boursiers), 20€ (candidats boursiers) *, non remboursables, payables en ligne. *sur justificatif pour lannée en cours 2024-2025 Étape 3 : Mise en situation écriteLes dossiers seront étudiés par un jury pour déterminer l’admissibilité des candidats.Les candidats admissibles seront invités à effectuer un exercice écrit de mise en situation dans le temps imparti. Cette mise en situation confronte le candidat à une série d’événements sur des thématiques environnementales, sociales et citoyennes, qui sont celles que couvre le Bachelor ACT. Étape 4 : Entretien de motivation Les candidats admissibles devront par la suite passer un entretien de motivation en ligne Étape 5 : Résultats d’admissionLes résultats d’admission vous seront communiqués par mail. Vous pouvez également les consulter en vous connectant sur votre Candidature en ligne. Étape 6 : Confirmez votre inscription Une fois admis, vous serez notifié par email par nos services pour confirmer votre inscription.Vous recevrez également les modalités pour le paiement en ligne des arrhes non remboursables. Les frais de candidature sont de: 40,00 € (candidats non boursiers) 20,00 € (candidats boursiers) Le règlement du montant de vos droits d’inscription s’effectue sur Parcoursup. Les bourses Exonérations partielles de frais de scolarité pour les boursiers CROUS En fonction des revenus du foyer fiscal dont vous dépendez, vous pouvez prétendre à une bourse qui peut couvrir jusqu’à 100% de vos droits de scolarité. Pour connaître le montant exact dexonération, consultez la FAQ. Bourse du CROUS Vous pourrez également avoir accès aux bourses du CROUS, pouvant atteindre 550€ par mois. Les demandes doivent être faites entre janvier et avril de lannée précédente auprès du CROUS de votre académie. Bourse de mobilité internationale Des bourses daides à la mobilité internationale aidant à financer un échange universitaire ou un stage à létranger sont versées notamment par le programme Erasmus. Ces aides peuvent aller jusquà 300€ par mois. Pour obtenir des renseignements, nhésitez pas à nous contacter. Bourse Mission Handicap En toute confidentialité, les étudiants en situation de handicap qui souhaitent suivre un programme de formation à lESSEC peuvent, après étude de leur dossier de candidature, obtenir une bourse d’étude ou bourse de compensation du handicap. Celles-ci peuvent couvrir les frais de scolarité et/ou des frais de vie. Pour plus de renseignements : elisabeth.forget@essec.edu L’apprentissageLors de la 3e année, les étudiants du Bachelor ACT, peuvent suivre leur cursus en apprentissage. Les contrats sont signés pour 12 mois et proposent un rythme alterné sur la base de 5 mois pleins en entreprise, 4 mois pleins en cours et 3 mois pleins en entreprise. Les frais de scolarité sont pris en charge par lentreprise qui accueille l’apprenti (hors frais annuels de médecine préventive qui sélèvent à 50€). L’apprentissage est un contrat passé entre vous et une entreprise qui vous permet dalterner les phases d’études et de travail selon des rythmes variés. En savoir plus Le prêt bancaireLESSEC a mis en place des partenariats avec les agences de Cergy de plusieurs banques françaises - LCL, BNP Paribas, Société Générale - et la BRED Espace Grand Zé, afin que vous puissiez trouver des offres et des conditions avantageuses. Le premier avantage pour les étudiants Français, majeurs, inscrits au Groupe ESSEC : aucun garant nest exigé. Rendez-vous sur la FAQ. Les étudiants de nationalité étrangère doivent mobiliser un garant en France. 1fevrier2025Journée Portes Ouvertes ESSEC 2025Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir le samedi 1er février 2025, de 8h45 à 17h15, sur notre campus de Cergy, pour vous accompagner dans le choix de votre formation08:45 - 17:15 | Campus de CergyInscriptionBesoin daide ?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/program/master-strategy-management-international-business'}, page_content='Master in Strategy & Management of International Business (SMIB) || ESSEC Master in Strategy & Management of International Business (SMIB) Language English Duration 1 year or 2 years Next Intake August 2025 (Cergy, M1 & M2) | September 2025 (Singapore, M2) Ranking #3 QS Business Masters Rankings 2025 - Management Locations France (Cergy), Singapore BrochureApply onlineBrochure Apply onlinecontact OverviewProgramCampus lifeCareerAdmissionsFinancingEventsMaster in Strategy & Management of International Business (SMIB) Thriving in today’s global business environments requires a unique set of skills. One must be able to navigate through volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous (VUCA) contexts with strategic thinking, critical reasoning, creativity, problem-solving, collaboration, and strong communication skills. ESSEC Business School’s Master in Strategy and Management of International Business (SMIB) program is ranked 3rd worldwide in 2024 by QS among Masters in Management programs and 1st in Asia. The program offers customized tracks and specializations that equip participants with solid analytical, digital, strategic, innovation, and entrepreneurial skill sets that are highly sought after in a competitive job market. As a student of SMIB, you will have the opportunity to participate in hands-on assignments and company projects, benefit from an outstanding learning experience, and learn from a world-class faculty. You will also join a global community of 71,000 ESSEC alumni, including more than 3,000 former SMIB participants. 20% hold degrees in Engineering, Sciences and Health 80% hold degrees in Law, Political Sciences, Finance, Economics, Business, Languages, Literature 34 nationalities 46% women 23 average age Masters Grade The Master in Strategy and Management of International Business (SMIB) program is authorized by the French Ministry of Higher Education and Research to award a recognised BAC+5 degree, Master’s Grade, to its students. Upon completion of the program, students would have accumulated a total of 300 ECTS to obtain a Master’s degree. Triple Crown Accreditation The academic excellence of ESSEC’s programs is recognized through its international standards in management training, and it holds the prestigious ”Triple Crown of accreditations: EQUIS, AACSB, and AMBA. “Welcome to France”- Campus France ESSEC Business School has been recognized by Campus France and the Ministry of Higher Education and Research for the quality of its international students’ welcome. The school received the highest level that can be obtained from the "Bienvenue en France" certification, which is the third level. This certification recognizes the quality of ESSECs reception in all the criteria provided: The quality and accessibility of information The welcoming of new international students The academic offer Accommodations Campus life The quality of post-graduate follow-up Academic Excellence Choice of a specialized track in France, Asia, or abroad each with a specific career goal in mind. The chance to mix with a highly diverse class and teaching faculty. Professional Experience A professional business mindset in all aspects of the program. Integrated professional experiences. International Exposure Exchange and double degree opportunities with leading academic partners. An international business study trip. Please note that the duration of the Master in SMIB is 2 years (Master 1 + Master 2) or 1 year (Master 2 only), depending on your background and latest degree. MASTER 1 (M1) in FRANCE A year to grasp the prerequisites of core business management and decide your specialisation for next year. Academic Courses | Case Studies | Workshops | Languages Business & Industry Chair in ESSEC Africa (optional) and Professional Experience (4-6 months) MASTER 2 (M2) in FRANCE or SINGAPORE A year to specialise and gain in-depth knowledge and experience integratingcritical thinking about sustainability and responsible leadership. Academic Courses | Professional Workshops | Business Simulation | Case Studies | Soft Skills Validate refreshers, core courses, and research seminars and choose from the following: OPTION 1: DOUBLE DEGREE OPTION 2: EXCHANGE OPTION 3: SPECIALISATIONS - EGADE in Mexico- USC in United States - Queens in Canada- CUHK in Hong Kong- ESSEC Africa in Morocco Global Business Management(in France or Singapore) Global Leadership and Sustainability(in France or Singapore) Global Entrepreneurship & Innovation(in France only) Electives Learning Expedition Professional Experience (4-6 months) Year 1 - Master 1 (M1) - ESSEC Cergy Campus (France)You will build your core competencies of business and understand how international complexity impacts business conduct. Through this first year, you will also discover your professional interests, to help you decide on which specialized track to choose in Year 2 (M2). Some courses: Strategic Tools for Strategy Building, Introduction to Data, Business Conduct - An International Perspective, Sustainable Development and Managerial Challenges, Geopolitics The M1 will be conclude by a 4-6 months professional experience and an option to carry out a Chair specialisation (Business & Industry Chair at ESSEC Africa campus located in Rabat, Morocco). Business and Industry (B&I) in Africa Chair in Rabat, Morocco Key details: - The courses will be taught in English- If students choose this chair, their M1 year will be as follows: August-December: Courses in Cergy January-March: Chair B&I in Africa in Rabat April-August: Internship (worldwide) September: Start of Year 2 (M2) - Students will apply in September and selection confirmation will be done by October. - All students of SMIB (Year 1) are eligible to apply. Description: The African continent is changing fast and offers many opportunities in a rapid geopolitical shift. The abundance and the role of raw materials and commodities has resulted in the acceleration of industrialization and logistics, financing needs, and human capital opportunities. This, in turn, results in the diversification of economies and the transformation of products in the global value chain. Tanger Med, for example, is a port complex located in the city of Tangier, Morocco. Since its inauguration in 2007, it has become one of the busiest ports in the Mediterranean region, with an annual capacity of over 9 million containers. It has been instrumental in boosting Moroccos economy, attracting foreign investment, and creating job opportunities. The port has also played a crucial role in enhancing trade between Europe, Africa, and Asia, in particular, in the automobile and aeronautic manufactures. The success of Tanger Med has inspired other African countries to invest in similar projects, such as the construction of the Lamu Port in Kenya and the Bagamoyo Port in Tanzania, demonstrating the potential of Africa. Year 2 - Master 2 (M2) - ESSEC Cergy Campus (France) September to December Students will validate common core track shared with students of different Masters programs. They also have to validate the core track of the program. Alongside, to better prepare for the specialisations, they have to take some refresher courses. These refresher courses help students joining from diverse academic backgrounds to have the same understanding of the theories and principles discussed during the class. Lastly, to conclude this period, students will also participate in some research seminars. January onward While students are validating the first term, in the month of October, they will take a decision to add a specialisation or further the international flavour in the program. They will choose between the following options from January onward:- OPTION 1: Choose a Double Degree1. Escuela de Graduados en Administración y Dirección de Empresas (EGADE) in Monterrey, MexicoShould they choose, students will join one of the following programs at this partner institution: Master in Business Administration (MBA), Master in Business Management (MBM), Master in Business Analytics (MBD), Master in Strategic Marketing (MMT), or Master in Finance (MAF). 2. Darla Moore School of Business, University of South Carolina (USC) in Columbia, South CarolinaShould they choose, students will join this track to continue their focus on International Business and who want to get positions in Economic Institutions, Financial Departments of MNCs or Investment Funds. This degree also gives an opportunity to students to enroll in a Business Analytics Certificate. - OPTION 2: Choose an ExchangeThis option will conclude with a 4 to 6 months Professional Experience. 1. Smith School of Business, Queen’s University in Toronto, CanadaShould they choose, students can spend an exchange period at Smith School of Business in their Master in International Business Program (MIB). The Certificate of Attendance at Smith will be delivered by the Queens University. 2. The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in Hong Kong Should they choose, students can join the following programs: Master in Business Administration, MSc in Management, MSc in Marketing, MSc in Business Analytics, MSc in Information & Technology Management /MSc in Information Science & Technology Management, MSc in Real Estate. 3. ESSEC Africa Campus in Rabat, MoroccoShould they choose, students can explore the Global Manager in Africa track delivered in English. This track focuses on Entrepreneurship and understanding the economical, political, sociological, and cultural aspects of business conduct in African region. - OPTION 3: Choose a Specialisation This option will conclude with a 4 to 6-month Professional Experience. 1. Global Business Management (GBM): Global Strategic Management, Advanced Corporate Strategy, Digital Marketing Strategy, International Finance 2. Global Leadership & Sustainability (GLS): Sustainable Leadership (OB), Technology & Ethics, Intercultural Management, Sustainability 3. Global Entrepreneurship & Innovation (GEI): Creating & Capturing value from Innovation, Design Thinking & Corporate Venture, New Technology & Strategy, New Technology & Law Year 2 - Master 2 (M2) - ESSEC Asia-Pacific Campus (Singapore) For students pursuing a 2-year program and if they wish to carry out their M2 in Singapore, the transition from M1 in France to M2 in Singapore will be explained in detail during the first year of the program. September to December Students will validate common core track shared with students of different Masters programs. They also have to validate the core track of the program. Alongside, to better prepare for the specialisations, they have to take some refresher courses. These refresher courses help students joining from diverse academic backgrounds to have the same understanding of the theories and principles discussed during the class. Lastly, to conclude this period, students will also participate in some research seminars. January onward While students are validating the first term, in the month of October, they will take a decision to add a specialisation or further the international flavour in the program. They will choose between the following options from January onward:- OPTION 1: Choose a Double Degree1. Escuela de Graduados en Administración y Dirección de Empresas (EGADE) in Monterrey, MexicoShould they choose, students will join one of the following programs at this partner institution: Master in Business Administration (MBA), Master in Business Management (MBM), Master in Business Analytics (MBD), Master in Strategic Marketing (MMT), or Master in Finance (MAF). 2. Darla Moore School of Business, University of South Carolina (USC) in Columbia, South CarolinaShould they choose, students will join this track to continue their focus on International Business and who want to get positions in Economic Institutions, Financial Departments of MNCs or Investment Funds. This degree also gives an opportunity to students to enroll in a Business Analytics Certificate. - OPTION 2: Choose an ExchangeThis option will conclude with a mandatory 4 to 6 months Professional Experience. 1. Smith School of Business, Queen’s University in Toronto, CanadaShould they choose, students can spend an exchange period at Smith School of Business in their Master in International Business Program (MIB). The Certificate of Attendance at Smith will be delivered by the Queens University. 2. The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in Hong Kong Should they choose, students can join the following programs: Master in Business Administration, MSc in Management, MSc in Marketing, MSc in Business Analytics, MSc in Information & Technology Management /MSc in Information Science & Technology Management, MSc in Real Estate. 3. ESSEC Africa Campus in Rabat, MoroccoShould they choose, students can explore the Global Manager in Africa track delivered in English. This track focuses on Entrepreneurship and understanding the economical, political, sociological, and cultural aspects of business conduct in African region. - OPTION 3: Choose a Specialisation This option will conclude with a mandatory 4 to 6-month Professional Experience. 1. Global Business Management (GBM): Global Strategic Management, Advanced Corporate Strategy, Digital Marketing Strategy, International Finance 2. Global Leadership & Sustainability (GLS): Sustainable Leadership (OB), Technology & Ethics, Intercultural Management, Sustainability In France and in SingaporeONE-WEEK INTERNATIONAL LEARNING EXPEDITION Whether you study in France or in Singapore, you will have the option of going for a one-week international learning expedition that provides opportunities to meet local professionals and business leaders. Topics explored during the expedition focus on entering the domestic market and local opportunities, threats and risks. Students have for instance travelled to Bangkok, Berlin, Geneva, Ho Chi Minh, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, London, Mexico, Milan, San Francisco, Shanghai, Dubai, Barcelona, Dublin, Stockholm, etc. Companies visited include Accenture, Chanel, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, L’Oréal, Mercedes-Benz, Roche, Roland Berger, 3M, Luxury’n’Sight, Mckinsey & Company, L’Oréal, Richemont, Dataiku, Natixis, Magrabi, Islamic Gulf Investments, Blu Selection, Image de Marque, Procare Health, SAP, Alira Health, Almirall, Pierre Fabre, Pernod Ricard, Crédit Agricole, CIB, Linkedin, Google, Microsoft, Smurfit Kappa, Trinity College Dublin, Dassault Systems, Tefal, Scania, etc. ASIAN STRATEGY CONSULTING PROJECT (ASCP) A three-month consulting project is offered at the ESSEC Asia-Pacific campus in Singapore. After a competitive selection process, students are given the opportunity to develop their understanding of Business Model Transformation in the Digital Era in Asian emerging markets by working on a real business issue faced by a company/organization. Since 2010, ASCP has created over 50 projects across 10 fast-growing Asian countries, involving over 40 companies, more than 150 coaches and graduating 267 alumni globally. The ASCP is a unique consulting program offering companies across Asia a fresh perspective into their business model transformation and digitalization journey. CAREER DAY Whichever campus you study at, you will get the chance to meet professionals, mostly SMIB alumni, at different stages of their career and in different industries. They will share insights about the reality behind their job title and how they reached that position along with the necessary skills etc. This day is SMIB-exclusive and aims to make you better informed about what you are actually applying for when you embark on your job search. SUSTAINABILITY WORKSHOPS AND SEMINARS Balancing growth and sustainability has become key for businesses across all industries. Through the Sustainability Workshops and Seminars, students will be immersed in sustainability topics to strengthen their awareness and sensitivity towards related issues in seminar and workshops like Business and Society Seminar, Social and Sustainable Innovation Workshop, Responsible Innovation Bootcamp. In FranceDIGITAL WEEK COMPETITION (DWC) A vast student agency competition on real and current business cases where ESSEC students are considered as young digital consultants. Partner companies propose their digital transformation issues to 3 groups of students. Students then have 1 week to work in multi-specialty groups supervised by a coach, analyze, design, and present high-quality solutions on Friday, which are recognized and often actually adopted by the partners. A competition to meet the needs: of students and prepare them to be part of the general movement of transformation in companies, organizations, and society of companies looking for innovation and talents trained in digital, interdisciplinary approaches, and project management Exchange ProgramsSmith School of Business, Queen’s University, Toronto, Canada ESSEC Africa campus, Rabat, Morocco | Focus on the track Global Manager in Africa The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK), Hong Kong Double Degrees Darla Moore School of Business - University of South Carolina, Columbia, United States - Master in International Business EGADE Business School, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Mexico - MBA | Focus on Entrepreneurship YEAR 1 (MASTER 1, M1)4 TO 6-MONTH PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE If you start the program in M1 (according to your background and degree), you will have the opportunity to start building your professional experience through the 4-6 months professional experience, which takes place at the end of the year. This experience allows you to discover your professional interests to help you choose the specialized track that is most adapted to your goals during the M2. You will also be able to put the knowledge and skills you have learned to practice in a real-life context.YEAR 2 (MASTER 2, M2)4-6-MONTH PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE The 4-6-month professional experience enables you to apply your newly acquired skills and knowledge through hands-on experience in an organization anywhere around the globe. ASIAN STRATEGY CONSULTING PROJECT (ASCP) A three-month consulting project is offered at the ESSEC Asia-Pacific campus in Singapore. After a competitive selection process, students are given the opportunity to develop their understanding of Business Model Transformation in the Digital Era in Asian emerging markets by working on a real business issue faced by a company/organization. It is the perfect opportunity for you to experience the various industries in Asia, allowing you to put in practice all the hard and soft skills needed to become a qualified professional in the region. During the project, you will work with your classmates as part of a real consulting team on a mission proposed by a company or an economic cluster located in APAC, under the supervision of an ESSEC coach. Prof. Liem NGUYEN Academic Director, Cergy campus (France) Prof. Srividya JANDHYALAAcademic Director, ESSEC Asia-Pacific campus (Singapore)Over the years, successive classes of students at ESSEC Business School have founded and managed more than 100 clubs and organizations, with a wide variety of themes: sports, cultural, humanitarian, international or civic, there is something for everyone!These organizations, often founded and managed by the students themselves, aim to foster student life, promote the schools values, develop students professional skills, and contribute to the social and cultural life of the campus.Find out more SMIB for Smiles SMIB for Smiles is a charity association of the ESSEC Business Schools Master in Strategy & Management of International Business (SMIB). Be it making a contribution towards the education of underprivileged children or charity activities to uplift the living conditions of the homeless, we help NGOs and humanitarian organisations in the planning and execution of their goodwill missions. It reflects our commitment to the values of ESSEC Business School and enables our team to enhance their skill sets related to community development and mutual collaboration. Stratngo Consulting Created in 2015, Stratngo Consulting is the ESSEC Business School pro bono strategy association providing consulting services to NGOs. Driven by ESSEC Master in Strategy & Management of International Business (SMIB) students, Stratngo Consulting is willing to have a positive impact worldwide. Through the various backgrounds of our international team, we help NGOs by providing them pro bono services such as strategy consulting, marketing strategy and financial consulting in the fields of health, environment, education, human rights and culture.ESSEC Paris-Cergy CampusESSECs historic campus is located in the city of Cergy, about 30 km northwest of Paris. The campus covers more than seven hectares and offers modern and spacious facilities. It includes several buildings, a library, a gymnasium inaugurated in 2023, as well as areas for relaxing between classes. Find out more about ESSECs Paris-Cergy CampusESSEC Asia-Pacific Campus, SingaporeESSECs Asia-Pacific Campus, which was inaugurated in 2015, is located in Singapore, Asia, a dynamic city-state known for its thriving business environment and multicultural population. The campus is located in the heart of the city, close to major business centers and commercial areas. Find out more about ESSECs Asia-Pacific Campus 89% found jobs in less than 6 months 93% have jobs with a strong international assignment 75.3% work in Europe, 16.4% in Asia & Oceania, 6.8% in Americas, 1.5% rest of the world 30% of graduates found jobs via ESSEC networks (career services, ESSEC Alumni, etc.) (RE)SET, 24S (LVMH), Autoteile, AB Science, Abbott, AbbVie, Accenture, Adyen, AEC Partners, AfriDoctor, Agorapulse, Air France, Air Liquide, Alcimed, Allianz, Alpha Financial, Markets Consulting, Alstom, Amazon, Amundi, Agrimeat, APACMed, April, AramisAuto, Arbiom, Assemblée Nationale, AstraZeneca, Aurexia, Axa Investment Managers, Back Market, Baobab+, Baxter International, Bayer, BCG, BearingPoint, BLACAZ., BNP Paribas, Bpifrance, British American Tobacco, Broychim, Buy2sell, CAD.42, Capgemini Invent, Carbo, Cardionovum, Carrefour, CBRE, Cider, CMA-CGM, CMI strategies, CNH Industrial, Coca-Cola, Compagnie de Phalsbourg, Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, Dalberg Global Development Advisors, Dassault Systèmes, Decathlon, Deloitte, DHL, Disneyland Paris, DriveQuant, Ecolab, EcoTree, Edenred, EHG Evolution Health Group, EKLR, Elsan, Engie, ERC Executive Agency, Eurogroup Consulting, EverWatt, Exton Consulting, EY, EY-Parthenon, Fast Retailing, Financière First National, Finexsi, Foodpanda, FRED, FutureBrand, Generali, GENYZ, GNT Capital, Gold Nest Capital, Grab, Grant Thornton International, Group CVA, Groupe Henner, Groupe ING, Groupe Renault, GSK, Guinot-Mary Cohr, HappyVore, Hermès, HIKVISION, Hilti, Holcim, HTX, Huawei, iGraal, Imerys, Innate Pharma, Ipsen Pharma, IQVIA, iXblue, J.P.Morgan, Janssen Cilag, Jicap Performance, Johnson & Johnson, Julhiet Sterwen, KPMG, KRDS Paris, Kxiop, L.E.K. Consulting, Laboratoires Pierre Fabre, Laboratoires Urgo, LaMarne Management, Left Bank Asset Management, LEK Consulting, LifeScan, Lingang Group, Liveo, Louis Vuitton Malletier, LVMH, Maestis, Mangopay, ManoMano, Marpico, Mars&Co, Massena Partners, McKinsey&Company, Ministère des Armées, Monitor Deloitte, MSD France, Murex, My Mother Agency, MyTrooperS, NEOEN, Network Rail, Niji, Nissan, Novagen Conseil, Novartis, NovaSource Power Services, Novocure, ObvioHealth, Odigo, Orange, Orphoz, Pernod Ricard, Pfizer, Philips, Porsche Consulting, Procter&Gamble, Proofpoint, Publicis Groupe, PwC, REI Habitat, Reitzel Groupe, Rexel, Roche, Roland Berger, Salsify, Sanofi, Schneider Electric, Sea Shepherd Global, Shopee, Sia Partners, Simple and New, Singapore Airlines, Snowflake, Société Générale, Sofrecom, Soitec, Solution BI France, Sopra Steria Next, SPREAD, Stanwell Consulting, Starburst, STEP Consulting, SumUp, Sunday, Tempow,Tereos, Thales, The Export-Import Bank of China, Thi Factory, TotalEnergies, Triago, Tuya Smart, Uber, Ubisoft, UCB Pharma, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield, Vaisala, Vertone, Vinci Airports, Wavestone, WeWard, Wizzin, Yext, Yves Saint Laurent Talent DayThis recruitment fair brings together around hundred companies. You will establish contacts with companies from all sectors of activity, such as: Air Liquide, Amazon, Bouygues, Carrefour, Ekimetrics, Groupe Casino, Henkel, L’Oréal, LVMH, Metro, Orange, Saint-Gobain, Groupe TF1, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield, Unilever, Vinci, etc. Start-up & Innovative Companies FairThis fair brings together start-ups for a pitch and speed recruiting day. Consulting FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with consulting firms such as: Accenture, Accuracy, Bain & Company, BearingPoint, BCG, Capgemini Invent, KPMG, Mazars, McKinsey & Company, Roland Berger, Wavestone, etc. Finance FairDuring this recruitment fair you will establish exceptional contacts with financial institutions such as: Ardian, AXA, BNP Paribas, Bpifrance, Candriam, Centerview Partners, Crédit Agricole CIB, Hines, Moody’s, ODDO BHF, Qonto, Rothschild & co, Société Générale, UBS, etc. ESSEC Career Services Career guidance and advice ESSEC Career Services provides orientation and support to help students find suitable positions upon graduating. These services include personal development coaching which has been designed to help students capitalize on their skills and experience, so they become conscious of their assets. By defining a personal strategy to market their skills, students optimize their chances of succeeding on their chosen career path.The Career Services also organize individual counseling, workshops, mock interviews, conferences and opportunities to meet with executive search consultants, industry leaders/CEOs and HR Directors. Each year, there are: 25,000 exclusive job postings: internships, apprenticeships, graduate programs, V.I.E and jobs 450+ meetings with recruiters based in France and all around the world: job fairs, company presentations and case studies Nearly 4,000 individual appointments with career consultants An access to 3 learning platforms and 50+ articles, training and self-teaching modules.200+ career-related workshops ESSEC Alumni: A network For Life When you join ESSEC Business School, you join a community and will discover the power of the ESSEC network. ESSEC Alumni already has 71,000 graduates with diverse profiles dispersed in all corners of the world. With unique personalities, they share a common goal: to achieve their career objectives. As you enter ESSEC, you become a member of ESSEC Alumni and you remain one forever. This is the lifetime membership, that ESSEC has been the first French Business School with a global reach to put in place. ESSEC Alumni is by your side at every stage of your career: When you are a student, to guide you in finding professional opportunities through the network, exchanging with graduates, benefiting from various services to launch your start-up, and staying up to date with the latest news from the ESSEC community. When you are a graduate, to support you throughout your professional life, help you develop your network and exchange with your peers, guide you in benefiting from services for your start-up, and allow you to rediscover the atmosphere of your ESSEC years. Entrepreneurship & InnovationSince its creation, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, which lies at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices. ESSEC Ventures is a structure that supports ESSEC students with business projects. It consists of an incubator, a talent incubator, and a seed fund. It also organizes numerous events bringing together entrepreneurs and investors. ESSEC Antropia is a structure that supports ESSEC students with social enterprise projects so that social, environmental, and economic considerations can come together to create a better world. STEP 1: Anticipate, prepare and take the testsYou will have to provide: - 1 Management test score - mandatory - 1 English test score - mandatory. The English test is not required if the applicant has spent at least 3 years in a higher education program completely taught in English. In that case, please provide us an official certificate with the mention that the medium of instruction is English Test Validity* Additional Information MANAGEMENT TEST GMAT Exam, GMAT, GMAT Online or GMAT Focus Edition 5 years Select "ESSEC Business School-Master in Strategy and Management of International Business (SMIB)" GRE, GRE Test at Home (Verbal Reasoning, Quantitative Reasoning and Analytical Writing) 5 years Institution Code: 0839 CAT 1 year For Indian applicants TAGE MAGE 2 years ENGLISH TEST TOEFL iBT, TOEFL iBT Special at Home Edition The English tests must not be older than 2 years at the application deadline (application round you choose to apply in) Minimum score 95 Institution Code: 0520 IELTS Academic Minimum score 6.5 Cambridge B2 First minimum Minimum score 175 TOEIC Listening and Reading Minimum score 850 * The tests must be valid at the time of the closing of the application session. It can take several months to prepare and register for an exam slot for these tests. Keep this in mind before starting your application as, without these test scores uploaded in your application file, it will be incomplete. Click here to take the GMAT Quiz and get an estimate of your score. Please note that you cannot apply with a GMAT Quiz score. STEP 2: Start your online applicationCreate your candidate account. You can fill in the online application at your own pace and come back to it at any point. You can only apply once per program each academic year. STEP 3: Upload supporting documents All documents must be provided in English. Official translations will have to be provided for documents in other languages. Incomplete applications will not be processed. A complete online application includes the following items. Items Description Academic Transcripts Authenticated copies of official transcripts, in chronological order, for all academic terms attended since high school, including exchange programs, repeated years, preparatory classes, grading system details and double degree (simple copies and screenshots are not accepted). If your studies have been interrupted, please add a letter with the academic year concerned and explain the reasons (gap year, illness, change of direction, travel, employment, leave, internship, etc.). Degree(s) obtained Authenticated copies of official degrees since high school (school leaving certificate). While applying, if you do not have your final diploma that makes you eligible for the program, you can apply with an Enrollment Certificate with an expected date of graduation.Important: By mid-December of your starting year at ESSEC, you will have to provide a copy of your final diploma (or a certificate of completion/attendance). 1 Curriculum Vitae (CV) One page maximum in English only 1 Identity Card Passport or National Identity card, only for EU students (double-sided) 1 Photograph A recent ID photo 1 English Test Copy of official score (test taker version) 1 Management Test Copy of official score (test taker version) 2 x References One academic and one professional reference is highly recommended.It is your responsibility to enter both referees’ contact details promptly and give them enough time to fill in the online reference. A link to fill in the online reference form is sent immediately after you save their contact details. 1 Certificate for Athletes (if applicable) A certificate for High Level Athlete (HLA) or Certificate of Aptitude for Sports Practice is required. The certificate must be valid at the time of application. Application Fee 100 € non-refundable and payable online Click to see if you are exempted STEP 4: Submit your applicationOnce you have completed your online application and have attached all the supporting documents, the final step is to submit your online application. Once you have submitted your application online, you cannot make changes to your application. Please keep in mind that there are several rounds of applications. The deadlines to submit your application are listed in the table above. STEP 5: Your application file is ready for reviewOnce submitted, your application will be reviewed by the admission committee. Each part of your application is taken into account, hence the need to complete it conscientiously. Kindly note that if a clarification is needed, an interview may be scheduled. STEP 6: Get your admission resultYou will be notified about the results by email (refer to the above-mentioned timetable). Please note that once your admission is confirmed, you will not be able to change tracks anymore. STEP 7: Secure your seatFollowing your admission, make sure to secure your seat in the program by paying the non-refundable deposit within 2 weeks. This amount will be deducted from your tuition fee. Visit the "Financing" tab for more information. Do you need more information?You need more information to prepare your application? Please refer to this link for insights on our application portal. The base tuition fee is the same, regardless of exchange choice or if you choose to pursue a double degree. STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 1 YEAR (Master 2 - M2) Valid for 2025 intake for France and Singapore Campuses European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €26,200 €29,300 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of the academic year €21,200 €24,300 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €2,150 €2,250 STUDENTS COMPLETING THE PROGRAM IN 2 YEARS (M1 + M2) Valid for 2025 intake for France and Singapore Campuses Master 1 (M1) Master 2 (M2) European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Total Tuition €14,000 €14,000 €26,200 €29,300 Deposit The non-refundable deposit is payable within two weeks from the day of admission and is deducted from the total tuition fee €5,000 €5,000 Remaining The remaining tuition fee is payable before August 31st of each academic year €9,000 €9,000 €26,200 €29,300 European Union Citizens Non-European Union Citizens Service Fee The service fee is payable once in addition to the total tuition fee before joining ESSEC (irrespective of the duration of the program) €2,260 €2,460 - - Scholarships ESSEC Academic Excellence and Diversity ScholarshipsDESCRIPTION: To sustain the academic excellence of the program and enhance the education and experience of our students, ESSEC Business School offers the Academic Excellence Scholarship to outstanding candidates and the Diversity Scholarship to students with varied cultural perspectives and backgrounds. ELIGIBILITY: Academic Excellence Scholarship - Open to all applicants and awarded on the basis of the overall quality of their application i.e. academic excellence demonstrated in the file: outstanding Management test scores, strong motivation, etc.; Diversity Scholarship - Demonstrate academic excellence and bring diversity in terms of citizenship, prior education or background. AMOUNT: Can cover up to 50% of total tuition fees. PROCEDURE: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. Women in International Business ScholarshipDESCRIPTION: Since 2021, ESSEC allows female students admitted to the Master in Strategy and Management of International Business (SMIB) to receive a scholarship. ELIGIBILITY: All female students admitted to the Master in Strategy and Management of International Business (SMIB) are eligible. AMOUNT: Up to 50% of total tuition fees. PROCEDURE: Scholarship decisions are made during the application procedure. There is no additional application to fill out or request to make. Selected students will be notified upon being offered a place on the program. EIFFEL ScholarshipDESCRIPTION: The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs funds EIFFEL scholarship. ELIGIBILITY: Reserved for non-French candidates, double nationality included, no older than 30 years old at the time the selection committee will meet (around mid-March). AMOUNT: A monthly allowance of €1,181 and covered costs of one international return journey and social security cover. PROCEDURE: ESSEC submits applications for EIFFEL scholarships on your behalf. Your application should be completed and submitted therefore in the first round of applications. LIFE Financial Aid for Lebanese Students DESCRIPTION: A platform to channel the influence of Lebanese finance executives worldwide to establish stronger bonds, nurture the next generation and promote Lebanon. ELIGIBILITY: Candidate must be Lebanese or of Lebanese descent, achieve and maintain academic excellence, demonstrate an interest in pursuing a career in Finance and must be in financial need. AMOUNT: Up to 12,000 USD per year for the duration of the academic program. PROCEDURE: ESSEC Business School submits applications for LIFE scholarships on your behalf. Lee Kuan Yew Scholarship DESCRIPTION: The Lee Kuan Yew (LKY) Scholarship is the premier postgraduate scholarship in Singapore. Set up in 1991, the scholarship marks Singapores continuous effort to recognize outstanding individuals with the aptitude and inclination to contribute to Singapore and its society. ELIGIBILITY: Candidates holding Singaporean citizenship will undergo a comprehensive evaluation on their leadership potential and accomplishments in their respective fields. Candidates should also demonstrate the potential to thrive in their professions, ultimately contributing to Singapore and its advancement. AMOUNT: Scholarship recipients will receive full tuition fees coverage and an annual allowance of S$50,000 for up to 2 years if they are pursuing a Master’s degree. PROCEDURE: Candidates can apply via the Public Service Commission Portal (Singpass login required). All applications will need to be supported by referee reports and submitted online by 28 February 2025. ESSEC Singapore Leaders Scholarship Description: This prestigious scholarship is awarded to outstanding candidates admitted to ESSECs Masters programs at the Asia-Pacific campus in Singapore. Open to Singaporean citizens and Permanent Residents, the scholarship aims to empower top talent with the education and skills needed to excel on the global stage. Eligibility: Candidates must be Singaporean citizens or Permanent Residents of Singapore. Amount: The scholarship will cover 50% of the total tuition fees. Procedure: This scholarship is awarded during each admission session alongside the admission offer. No additional application or request is required. Selected students will be notified upon receiving their admission offer. Student Loans FranceAs an ESSEC student, you can take out a preferential-rate bank loan, which covers full tuition and is repaid starting at the end of your first year of work. ESSEC has developed a partnership with major French bank branches located in Cergy (LCL, BNP Paribas and Société Générale) to give you special terms and conditions. Loan applicants are required to have a guarantor living in France. According to the banks, the guarantor must earn enough to cover the monthly loan payments but also be a French citizen, a close family member and/or both. Additional fees and expenses will be the responsibility of the student. Prodigy FinanceInternational Students from 150 different nationalities admitted to the program may apply to Prodigy Finance loans. Contrary to the banks in France and Singapore, Prodigy does not require a collateral or co-signer. These loans are granted based on the students future earning potential and do not take into account credit history. Students may apply online on the Prodigy website. There is no hidden fee or early repayment fee. Interest rates may vary depending on individual profiles. Funds are directly disbursed to the school in euro (€) so no exchange rates are borne by the student. Disbursement starts from September and loan application processing time may go up to a month and a half. The sooner you apply, the better. We advise you to read carefully the Prodigy website to check your eligibility before applying. US Federal & Private LoansMany US citizens or permanent residents opt to take out the US Federal Stafford and private Sallie Mae loans. These loans can cover up to the full cost of attendance and all applicants having a co-signer in the US are eligible for these loan programs. ESSEC is listed as “ESSEC Business School", and has a code number of G30959. More information on Sallie MAE More information on US Federal loans Student JobsOn-campus missions ESSEC employs its students in a wide variety of functions which can help towards everyday living costs. These are part time short-term contracts in for example taking up the role of a student ambassador, assisting teachers, carrying out market research, helping out at conferences and events, contributing to social media, etc. 12decembre2024Discover Masters QS | ChennaiJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!13:30 - 17:00 | Chennai, IndiaRegister Now!15decembre2024Discover Masters QS | BangaloreJoin our international recruitment officer Annegret SCHULZ and discover our Masters programs!04:30 - 11:30 | Bangalore, IndiaRegister Now!1fevrier2025Open Day ESSEC 2025We are delighted to welcome you on Saturday, February 1, 2025, from 8:45 AM to 5:15 PM, at our Cergy campus, to help guide you in choosing the right program for your aspirations.08:45 - 17:15 | Cergy campusRegister Now!Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/recherche'}, page_content='ESSEC 0 resultats'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/programme/bachelor-act-admission-parcoursup'}, page_content='Bachelor ACT Admission Parcoursup – Apprendre à conduire les transitions || ESSEC Bachelor ACT - Admission Parcoursup Langue Français Durée 3 ans (180 ECTS) Date de rentrée 9 Septembre 2024 Format Temps plein et/ou alternance la 3ème annéeBrochureCandidater Brochure Candidater contact PrésentationProgrammeVie étudiante & CampusCarrièreAdmissionFinancementÉvènementsBachelor ACT - Admission Parcoursup Diplôme délivré : Grade de licence - Diplôme commun ESSEC / CY Cergy Paris Université (Bac +3, niveau 6) Lieux : France “Face aux crises écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales que nous traversons, ouvrir nos yeux et notre conscience n’est plus un choix : c’est une nécessité. L’ampleur, la vitesse et la profondeur des transformations du monde sont inédites. Pour accompagner le changement et accélérer les transitions, des milliers d’acteurs se mobilisent et mettent leurs compétences au service de nouveaux modèles pour notre économie et notre société, alliant la conscience de l’urgence et le courage de bâtir un monde plus juste et durable. C’est pour répondre à ces besoins que l’ESSEC et CY- Cergy Paris Université ont décidé de combiner les forces d’une grande école de management avec celles d’une université publique pluridisciplinaire pour co-créer une nouvelle formation d’excellence dédiée aux transitions : le Bachelor ACT”. Vincenzo VinziDirecteur généralESSEC Business School Laurent GatineauPrésident de CYCergy Paris Université Le Bachelor Act est une nouvelle formation Bac +3, délivrant un grade de licence, lancée par l’ESSEC et CY Cergy Paris Université. Pluridisciplinaire et fondée sur une pédagogie active et une approche par compétences, son objectif est de permettre aux étudiants de maîtriser la conduite de projets au service des transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales. Le programme est enregistré au RNCP – Fiche RNCP37249(niveau 6). Le Bachelor ACT est visé et possède le grade de Licence. Formation pluri- et transdisciplinaire, le programme intègre, tant en modules séparés que mixtes : Les sciences de l’environnement (écologie, biologie, physique, ect.) pour comprendre le système terre et les liens entre le climat, l’activité humaine et le vivant ; Les sciences sociales (sociologie, économie, politiques, psychologie, philosophie…) pour comprendre les transitions et agir à l’échelle des sociétés et des organisations ; Les sciences de gestion (stratégie, management, finance, comptabilité, marketing, science de la décision…) pour apprendre à agir dans un environnement professionnel ; Les sciences appliquées : outils informatiques, numériques et travail collaboratif. Le Bachelor ACT combine cours théoriques et expérimentations terrain permettant d’acquérir des compétences professionnelles clés. Comprendre les enjeux des transitions à lère de lanthropocène Comprendre les enjeux systémiques du système terre et des liens entre le climat, la biodiversité et les sociétés humaines Comprendre les grands enjeux de société contemporains : la lutte contre la pauvreté, l’éducation, la biodiversité, l’égalité des chances, Comprendre les rôles, spécificités, les enjeux et les relations des différentes institutions, collectivités, entreprises et organisations Découvrir différents modes d’engagement et identifier les leviers de changements sociétaux Maîtriser la méthodologie de recherche Connaître et utiliser différentes méthodologies d’enquête sur le terrain Apprendre à trouver, questionner, analyser l’information avec un esprit critique Savoir évaluer les impacts économiques, sociaux, environnementaux d’une activité humaine Concevoir et piloter un projet Maîtriser le processus et les outils du design thinking Piloter un projet (charte, objectifs, planification, analyse de risques, répartition des rôles) Construire collectivement une vision partagée et formuler une raison d’être Définir un modèle économique vertueux au service d’un projet social et/ou environnemental Acquérir les principes de base de la comptabilité et du droit des sociétés Concevoir et mettre en oeuvre une stratégie marketing et de communication avec éthique Collaborer et décider ensemble Apprendre à collaborer et à travailler efficacement en équipe apprenante Maîtriser les processus et les outils de créativité, d’intelligence collective et de prise de décision collaborative Développer son leadership positif en renforçant sa capacité à prendre soin de soi et de l’autre Apprendre à négocier et à établir des partenariats dans une logique gagnant-gagnant Ecouter, s’exprimer et se faire entendre Développer ses capacités à communiquer à l’écrit et à l’oral Débattre et argumenter avec éthique en toute circonstance Comprendre et apprendre à maîtriser les réseaux sociaux Construire et mettre en oeuvre une dynamique d’actions collectives originales et créatives sur un territoire (community organizing) Trouver sa voie et ce qui nous anime Apprendre à se connaître et à s’estimer Clarifier ses projets personnels et professionnels Développer une posture apprenante et résiliente Incarner avec indulgence le changement qu’on veut voir dans le monde Chaque étudiant apprend à mener des projets et à cultiver son esprit d’initiative, par des expériences concrètes, des modules de cours donnés par des enseignants et des professionnels engagés, des projets collectifs, des immersions, des rencontres, des engagements personnels. S’appuyant sur une pédagogie innovante, active et collaborative, le programme permet à chaque étudiant de construire ses projets d’avenir en accord avec sa personnalité, tout en trouvant sa voie dans le collectif. Cela passe par des formats d’apprentissage variés et complémentaires : projets collectifs en situation réelle, immersions et visites terrains, modules d’exploration libre, séminaires collectifs, agora, classes inversées, module en autogestion, accompagnement personnalisé… Le programme permet de personnaliser son parcours de formation. C’est un parcours exigeant et très riche. La possibilité de faire un échange universitaire à l’international ou une année en alternance (et donc de faire financer sa formation).Les missions professionnelles sont déterminantes dans le cursus des étudiants du Bachelor ACT. Au cours des 3 ans, ils devront effectuer plusieurs stages pour pouvoir mettre en pratique les enseignements au sein d’une structure. L’alternance est également proposée en 3ème année.Les stages : Durant les 3 ans de Bachelor, plusieurs stages doivent être effectués d’une durée de 3 à 4 mois au sein d’une entreprise, d’une association ou d’une collectivité. Au total, les étudiants réalisent entre 9 et 16 mois de stage tout au long de leur scolarité. A cela s’ajoutent des missions et des projets en situation réelle qui viennent enrichir les compétences et l’expérience professionnelle des étudiants. La 3ème année du Bachelor ACT : Lors de la 3ème année, les étudiants ont le choix entre réaliser : Leur cinquième semestre en échange universitaire. Leur cinquième semestre en stage dans une organisation à l’étranger. Leur 3ème année en alternance. Limmersion internationale est un élément clé de la pédagogie du programme. Elle vous prépare à aborder une carrière professionnelle à linternational dans les meilleures dispositions et vous permet dapprendre à évoluer au sein denvironnements multiculturels. Répartie tout au long du parcours, cette expérience à linternational peut être menée sous la forme de stages ou déchanges à létranger. Les échanges universitaires Au cours de sa scolarité, chaque étudiant pourra effectuer son semestre en échange universitaire au sein de lune des universités partenaires. Les expériences professionnelles à l’international Chaque année, les étudiants peuvent effectuer leur stage à létranger avec pour objectif de préparer une carrière à l’international. De manière plus exceptionnelle, l’apprentissage peut aussi être réalisé à l’étranger si l’entreprise a un statut juridique français.Les enseignements se dérouleront sur le campus de l’ESSEC et de CY Cergy Paris Université (site Bernard Hirsch). Les campus sont situés à 40 minutes en train (RER) du centre de Paris à Cergy, 2ᵉ pôle universitaire d’Ile-de-France qui accueille 27 000 étudiants. Au cœur de la ville, les 2 campus sont à quelques minutes à pieds l’un de l’autre. De son côté, le campus de l’ESSEC dispose de nombreux services : résidences étudiantes, infrastructures sportives (gymnase, courts de tennis, salle de sport), cafétéria, Learning Center (espace de créativité, de partage de la connaissance)… Les étudiants pourront bénéficier d’infrastructures modernes à la pointe de la technologie. Ce campus bénéficie également de son propre écosystème dédié à l’entrepreneuriat, à l’innovation sociale et écologique. ainsi qu’à l’égalité, la diversité et l’inclusion. Le campus Hirsch de CY accueille quant à lui l’Institut National du Professorat et de l’Education (INSPE). Les étudiants pourront bénéficier de la dynamique de ce campus ainsi que des infrastructures telles que la bibliothèque, le restaurant universitaire CROUS et les espaces verts aux alentours. CY Cergy Paris Université accompagne également les initiatives étudiantes, notamment à travers son réseau de FabLabs dont LabBoite qui se trouve à proximité des 2 campus. Vie associative Au fil des années, les promotions successives des 2 établissements ont fondé et gèrent plus d’une centaine de clubs et associations aux thématiques très variées : sportives, culturelles, humanitaires, internationales ou encore citoyennes, il y en a pour tous les goûts ! Les étudiants du Bachelor ACT pourront y contribuer activement selon leurs préférences. Ils pourront aussi rejoindre le BDE du Bachelor ACT afin de mener des projets en lien avec les valeurs portées par la formation. La poursuite en MasterRiche d’un écosystème diversifié et d’une pédagogie par l’action, le Bachelor ACT est un programme exigeant, dans lequel chaque étudiant peut acquérir des savoir-faire transversaux qui lui assurent de nombreux débouchés. La formation offre la possibilité pour les diplômés de poursuivre leurs études en Master avec toutes les clés en main pour élargir leur domaine d’expertise en lien avec les sujets de transitions : Management (Master Management de la Responsabilité Sociale de lEntreprise (RSE) ; Master Economie Sociale et Solidaire (ESS)) Innovation et entrepreneuriat (Master Management de l’innovation, Master Entrepreneuriat social) Environnement (Master Aménagement et développement durable des territoires) Ressources humaines (Master Ressources humaine et bien-être au travail, Master Conduite du changement) Sciences sociales et politiques (Master Sciences politiques, Master Développement culturel territorial) Relations internationales (Master Affaires internationales, Master Coopération internationale) Communication & Marketing (Master Marketing et communication responsable, Master Journalisme) Pour en savoir plus. Des métiers davenir utiles pour la sociétéLe Bachelor ACT prépare les étudiants à la conduite de projets dans les transitions écologiques, citoyennes et sociétales pour agir : En entreprise dans des fonctions de stratégie, d’innovation, d’engagement, de diversité et dinclusion, liée à la raison d’être; Dans les collectivités territoriales, les administrations de l’État, les institutions européennes, dans le monde politique; Dans les institutions internationales ou les ONG d’envergure mondiale : UNESCO, OCDE, ONU, Banque Mondiale, etc.; Dans des cabinets de conseil et d’audit, cabinets d’étude, instituts de recherche ou organismes de régulation; Dans lEconomie Sociale et Solidaire : associations, des coopératives, des mutuelles Dans une start-up à impact, en tant qu’entrepreneur social ou chef de projet à impact Découvrez sur cette page une classification par enjeux de métiers envisageables directement après le Bachelor ACT ou après une spécialisation en Master. ESSEC Alumni : un réseau pour la vie !En entrant à l’ESSEC, vous rejoignez une communauté, la vôtre. Vous y trouverez la puissance d’un réseau. ESSEC Alumni, c’est déjà 71 000 diplômés aux parcours et profils très variés, dispersés dans les quatre coins du monde. Des personnalités uniques avec un but commun : atteindre ses objectifs de carrière ! Dès votre entrée à l’école, vous devenez membre d’ESSEC Alumni et le restez toujours. C’est le principe de l’adhésion à vie, que l’ESSEC a été la première des grandes business schools parisiennes à mettre en place. Ainsi, à chaque étape de votre parcours, ESSEC Alumni vous permet de : trouver un stage/ un emploi, en France et à l’international gérer votre progression professionnelle changer de métier, devenir entrepreneur ou consultant indépendant échanger sur des sujets communs entretenir les liens avec vos camarades de promotion et la communauté Découvrez tous les services et facilités proposés par ESSEC Alumni. Career services et autresTout au long du cursus, le Career Services (Service Carrière de lESSEC) vous accompagne pour : Définir votre projet professionnel et le faire évoluer à travers une meilleure connaissance des métiers et des entreprises. Mettre en œuvre une stratégie gagnante de recherche d’emploi en France comme à l’international. Optimiser votre profil LinkedIn, rédiger votre CV et lettre de motivation avec impact, ainsi que de développer votre réseau efficacement. De préparer les différents types d’entretiens grâce aux mises en situation (pitch) et de bien vous positionner lors des négociations salariales. De plus, il organise de nombreux évènements pour faciliter votre insertion professionnelle : Forums de recrutement avec nos entreprises partenaires Séminaires sur les secteurs d’activité, tables rondes métiers et présentations d’entreprises Ateliers de rédaction de CV et de lettres de motivation Stratégie de recherche de stage en France et à l’étranger Simulations d’entretien de recrutement Ateliers réseaux sociaux et image numérique Networking grâce à des présentations d’entreprises, conférences métiers, sessions de recrutement, workshops, masterclass et semaines internationales si vous êtes motivé par les défis de société qu’ils soient environnementaux (climat, biodiversité, ect.), sociaux (justice sociale, égalité des chances, ect. ) ou citoyens (vie démocratique, … si vous êtes engagé à travers vos centres dintérêts, vos activités extra-scolaires, votre implication dans la vie du lycée ou de votre ville, à travers des responsabilités prises au sein d’une association, d’un club ou au sein de votre famille. si vous vous projeter dans une carrière engagée, dans les métiers du développement durable, de la responsabilité sociale, de l’économie sociale et solidaire, des institutions et collectivités ou encore des ONG Les frais de candidature sont de: 40,00 € (candidats non boursiers) 20,00 € (candidats boursiers) Le règlement du montant de vos droits d’inscription s’effectue sur Parcoursup. Les bourses Exonérations partielles de frais de scolarité pour les boursiers CROUS En fonction des revenus du foyer fiscal dont vous dépendez, vous pouvez prétendre à une bourse qui peut couvrir jusqu’à 100% de vos droits de scolarité. Pour connaître le montant exact dexonération, consultez la FAQ. Bourse du CROUS Vous pourrez également avoir accès aux bourses du CROUS, pouvant atteindre 550€ par mois. Les demandes doivent être faites entre janvier et avril de lannée précédente auprès du CROUS de votre académie. Bourse de mobilité internationale Des bourses daides à la mobilité internationale aidant à financer un échange universitaire ou un stage à létranger sont versées notamment par le programme Erasmus. Ces aides peuvent aller jusquà 300€ par mois. Pour obtenir des renseignements, nhésitez pas à nous contacter. Bourse Mission Handicap En toute confidentialité, les étudiants en situation de handicap qui souhaitent suivre un programme de formation à lESSEC peuvent, après étude de leur dossier de candidature, obtenir une bourse d’étude ou bourse de compensation du handicap. Celles-ci peuvent couvrir les frais de scolarité et/ou des frais de vie. Pour plus de renseignements : elisabeth.forget@essec.edu L’apprentissageLors de la 3e année, les étudiants du Bachelor ACT, peuvent suivre leur cursus en apprentissage. Les contrats sont signés pour 12 mois et proposent un rythme alterné sur la base de 5 mois pleins en entreprise, 4 mois pleins en cours et 3 mois pleins en entreprise. Les frais de scolarité sont pris en charge par lentreprise qui accueille l’apprenti (hors frais annuels de médecine préventive qui sélèvent à 50€). L’apprentissage est un contrat passé entre vous et une entreprise qui vous permet dalterner les phases d’études et de travail selon des rythmes variés. En savoir plus Le prêt bancaireLESSEC a mis en place des partenariats avec les agences de Cergy de plusieurs banques françaises - LCL, BNP Paribas, Société Générale - et la BRED Espace Grand Zé, afin que vous puissiez trouver des offres et des conditions avantageuses. Le premier avantage pour les étudiants Français, majeurs, inscrits au Groupe ESSEC : aucun garant nest exigé. Rendez-vous sur la FAQ. Les étudiants de nationalité étrangère doivent mobiliser un garant en France. 1fevrier2025Journée Portes Ouvertes ESSEC 2025Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir le samedi 1er février 2025, de 8h45 à 17h15, sur notre campus de Cergy, pour vous accompagner dans le choix de votre formation08:45 - 17:15 | Campus de CergyInscriptionBesoin daide ?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/url-campus-rabat'}, page_content='Campus de Rabat - ESSEC Afrique || ESSEC Campus de Rabat ESSEC AfriquePrésentationVisiter le campusInfos pratiquesLogementsRevue de presseCampus de RabatSitué de manière privilégiée sur le site de la Plage des Nations à Sidi Bouknadel, au cœur de laire urbaine de Rabat-Salé-Kenitra, le campus ESSEC Afrique est un établissement moderne qui sintègre harmonieusement à son environnement local. Depuis son inauguration en 2017, il offre un cadre de vie idéal pour les études et favorise ladoption de méthodes pédagogiques novatrices. Au sein de ses 6 000 mètres carrés, ce campus accueille à la fois des étudiants en formation initiale et des professionnels en formation continue, désireux dexplorer les opportunités offertes par le continent africain. Niché dans un quartier résidentiel de qualité, à proximité immédiate de la plage et de diverses installations sportives et culturelles, il bénéficie dun emplacement stratégique, à seulement 25 minutes de Rabat, de Kénitra et de laéroport de Rabat-Salé. Depuis son inauguration, le Campus Afrique sengage activement dans des collaborations étroites avec les acteurs locaux, ainsi quavec les décideurs politiques, les leaders économiques et les organisations associatives du Maroc et dAfrique. Son objectif est de contribuer au développement socio-économique du continent en facilitant les échanges et les partenariats entre lAfrique, lEurope et lAsie. 17 amphithéâtre, salles de classe et espaces de travail 276 étudiants maximum accueillis en même temps 6 000 m2 situé au cœur de l’aire urbaine Rabat-Salé-Kénitra Rabat, une capitale moderne imprégnée dhistoire, est célèbre pour sa qualité de vie et son environnement urbain harmonieux. Elle associe parfaitement espaces verts, infrastructures modernes et une architecture mêlant tradition et innovation. En tant que pôle académique dimportance au Maroc, Rabat attire de grandes institutions et des acteurs clés de lécosystème. En plein essor au cœur de laxe Casablanca-Tanger, Rabat est en train de devenir un moteur économique crucial pour le pays. Accessible par avion grâce à laéroport international de Rabat-Salé et par train à grande vitesse Al Boraq, reliant la ville à Casablanca en 45 minutes et à Tanger en 1h20, Rabat offre une connectivité remarquable à ses résidents et visiteurs. Grâce à sa dimension humaine, le campus ESSEC Afrique vous accompagne au quotidien dans votre parcours étudiant en vous offrant une gamme variée de services pour simplifier votre vie. Notre service de restauration de qualité est disponible toute la journée, de 8h30 à 16h, avec une sélection de spécialités marocaines et internationales. Pour vos déplacements, des navettes exclusivement réservées aux étudiants et participants assurent gratuitement la liaison avec le centre-ville de Rabat, vous permettant ainsi de profiter pleinement des activités offertes par la ville. En plus des installations sportives sur le campus telles que la salle de musculation, la salle de fitness et le terrain multisports, vous trouverez à proximité de nombreuses autres infrastructures sportives enrichissant votre expérience, comme une école de surf et un parcours de golf de 9 et 18 trous ainsi qu’un club de Padel. Des ateliers thématiques sont également régulièrement organisés sur le campus pour diversifier vos activités. Pour le logement, le campus ESSEC Afrique propose deux résidences universitaires situées à proximité immédiate du bâtiment éducatif. Ces résidences offrent des chambres simples ou doubles équipées de cuisines et de salles de convivialité, offrant ainsi un hébergement pratique et confortable. Des espaces pédagogiques modernes Au cœur du campus de Rabat, lAmphithéâtre joue un rôle central en accueillant des groupes entiers détudiants et de participants à différentes étapes de leur parcours académique : que ce soit pour la rentrée des différents programmes (Global BBA, Grande école), des sessions académiques, ou des cours magistraux. Il est également le théâtre de nombreux événements organisés par lESSEC et peut recevoir jusquà 166 personnes.En outre, le campus est équipé de 5 salles de classe connectées, équipées doutils numériques modernes, offrant chacune une capacité daccueil denviron 60 étudiants. Enfin, une vingtaine de petits espaces de travail disséminés dans tout le campus permettent aux étudiants de se réunir pour des projets en groupe ou des ateliers.Un studio denregistrement, équipé de caméras et dune régie, offre également aux étudiants et participants la possibilité de produire des vidéos, denregistrer du son ou de limage dans le cadre de projets académiques, associatifs ou entrepreneuriaux. Des espaces dédiés à la vie étudiante Au cœur de la vie étudiante du campus se trouve un foyer étudiant à lambiance détendue, équipé de télévisions, de canapés, de tables de billard, de baby-foot et de tables de ping-pong. Ouvert tous les jours jusquà minuit et le week-end, il est directement relié à la cafétéria, offrant ainsi un lieu de convivialité supplémentaire.En plus des deux salles de fitness et de musculation ainsi que du terrain multisport, le campus ESSEC Afrique propose une variété dactivités sportives telles que la danse orientale et des cours de self-défense. De plus, des activités culturelles telles que la musique et le chant sont également proposées, offrant ainsi une expérience étudiante riche et diversifiée.Vous rendre sur le campus : Plage des Nations، Sidi Bouknadel Salé 11000, Maroc Google Map Accessibilité Inauguré en 2017, le campus ESSEC Afrique présente toutes les installations facilitant les déplacements des personnes en situation de handicap. Se restaurer Un service de restauration de qualité, assuré par notre prestataire Sodexo, est ouvert toute la journée de 8h30 à 16h. Des spécialités marocaines et internationales sont proposées tous les jours et des animations/thématiques culinaires sont aussi au programme pour créer des moments de partage et déchanges. Se déplacer Des navettes réservées aux étudiants et visiteurs de l’ESSEC assurent gratuitement la liaison avec le centre-ville de Rabat, plusieurs fois par jour, 7 jours sur 7. Le trajet dure 30 minutes. Résidence femmes 15 chambres avec deux lits une place et salle de bain partagée 10 chambres avec un lit une place et salle de bain partagée Une chambre adaptée aux personnes à mobilité réduite Une salle de fitness au 2ème étage Une laverie Résidence homme 15 chambres avec deux lits une place et salle de bain partagée 10 chambres avec un lit une place et salle de bain partagée Une chambre adaptée aux personnes à mobilité réduite Une salle de musculation au 2ème étage À proximité du campus, le quartier sécurisé de Prestigia offre également de nombreuses possibilités de logement, en appartement ou en villa, seul ou en colocation. Je suis admis(e) dans un programme : comment faire une demande de logement ? Vous devrez envoyer un courriel à ladresse suivante : residence.rabat@essec.edu, et un dossier de logement vous sera par la suite transmis pour être complété. Une fois que le dossier aura été approuvé, le paiement se fera par virement bancaire. Le fonds de garantie est-il remboursable ?Le fonds de garantie est remboursable sous réserve des conditions indiquées dans l’article 24 du Règlement intérieur. Vous pourrez demander à le faire transférer sur le compte bancaire de votre choix, que ce soit un compte français ou international. Il vous sera restitué par virement bancaire dans un délai d’un mois après réception de votre RIB. Est-ce qu’un mineur est prioritaire ? Oui, les mineurs ont la priorité sur l’attribution des chambres. J’ai fait une demande de logement mais j’ai peur de ne pas avoir de chambre attribuée ? Nous faisons le maximum pour répondre favorablement à toutes les demandes. Assurez-vous davoir complété toutes les étapes de votre demande pour quelle soit prise en compte. J’aimerais envoyer ou déposer mes bagages à l’avance, est-ce possible ?C’est tout à fait possible, une fois votre demande est confirmée. Il vous suffit de prendre rendez-vous, et de vous déplacer jusqu’à la résidence. Vous pouvez aussi les envoyer par la poste pendant nos horaires d’ouverture, en nous prévenant du jour d’arrivée des colis.L’adresse est la suivante :Votre nom et prénomPlage des Nations - Sidi Bouknadel, Salé 11000, Maroc N’oubliez pas d’inscrire vos coordonnées sur chaque valise ainsi que votre date d’arrivée. Vos objets seront gardés dans une salle sécurisée, puis déposés dans votre future chambre. Veuillez noter que nous acceptons maximum 2 valises ou cartons n’excédant pas 90 cm (hauteur) x 50 cm (largeur) x 50 cm (profondeur).Important : Nous ne sommes pas responsables des bagages ou objets arrivant abîmés. Nous refusons tout colis taxé (frais de douane…). Et nous vous remercions de ne pas laisser de produits périssables dans vos colis. Qu’est-ce qui est compris dans mon loyer ? Nous proposons une formule qui comprend l’eau, l’électricité, le chauffage, la maintenance et l’assistance dans vos démarches. Cette formule comprend également l’accès à la laverie, aux salles de musculation et de fitness et à l’ensemble des commodités sur le campus. Besoin daide ? Revue de presse 2023 Conclusion d’un partenariat stratégique entre Tibu Africa et l’ESSEC (VIDEO)LesEco.ma ESSEC Afrique : un nouveau parcours certifiant avec Pearson TalentLensLesEco.ma Formation des talents: le Maroc comparé aux autres pays (VIDEO)LesEco.ma Enseignement supérieur : les ingrédients pour booster les jeunes talentsLesEco.ma Enseignement supérieur : une réforme des fondamentaux pour une meilleure éducationLesEco.ma Revue de presse 2021 Télécharger la revue de presse 2021 Revue de presse 2019 L’ESSEC est au Maroc depuis deux ans: Un anniversaire aux rythmes d’activités culturellesSalima Guisser - Aujourd’hui le Maroc Installé au Maroc: Campus ESSEC Afrique souffle sa deuxième bougieMohammed Nafaa - Le Reporter.ma Entreprenathon: L’ESSEC Afrique et l’EMI mettent le cap sur l’innovation et l’entrepreneuriatOuchagour Leila - Aujourd’hui le Maroc L’ESSEC Afrique organise, pour la seconde année consécutive, l’EntreprenathonFinancial Afrik L’ESSEC collabore avec l’EMI et organise l’EntreprenathonPanoraPost.com Revue de presse 2018 ESSEC Business School souffle sa 1ère bougiePanoraPost.com Lentrepreneuriat en Afrique sinvite au campus de lESSECMariem Tabih, Le matin.ma Revue de presse 2017 Au Maroc, lESSEC fait le pari de RabatCécile Peltier, Educpros Quand LESSEC prend ses quartiers à RabatHassina Mechaï, LePoint Afrique LESSEC accueille ses premiers étudiantsMohamed Sellam, Le Matin LESSEC Business School inaugure son campus Afrique à RabatTelquel Revivez en image linauguration du campus ESSEC AfriqueEssec.edu LESSEC ouvre ses portes au MarocKarim Handaoui, Challenge Revue de presse 2016 Les Grandes ambitions de lESSEC en AfriqueAhlam Nazih, Leconomiste LESSEC Business School souvre à lAfrique en sinstallant au MarocKarim Zeindane, Le360Afrique Revue de presse 2015 LESSEC prépare son implantation au Maroc pour la rentrée 2016Pierre-Olivier Raoud, LusineNouvelle Accord pour limplantation dun campus de lESSEC Business School sur le site Plage des NationsMinistère de la culture et de la communication du Maroc Allons plus loin... "LAfrique à besoin de créer de la valeur"Malick Diawara, LePoint Afrique Grandes Ecoles : ces jeunes Français qui ont choisis lAfrique.Viviane Forson, LePoint Afrique Le Maroc mise sur les grandes écoles françaises pour former ses élitesGhalia Kadiri, LemondeAfrique Maroc, les grandes écoles françaises à lassaut du royaumeGeopolis Lenseignement supérieur en Afrique : états des lieux et défisLAfriqueDesIdées Le Maroc, hub de la formation universitaire en Afrique ?2ma Lenseignement supérieur au Maroc suscite un fort engouement étrangerESSEC Knowledge LAfrique et innovation socialeIsabelle Hennebelle, LExpress Lentrepreneuriat social, vecteur de développement en Afrique du NordESSEC Knowledge'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/campus/singapore'}, page_content='Singapore campus - ESSEC Asia-Pacific || ESSEC Singapore campus ESSEC Asia-PacificSingapore campusVisit CampusPractical informationPress reviewSingapore campusLocated at Nepal Hill, in the heart of one-north (the “Silicon Valley” of Singapore), ESSEC Asia-Pacific promises to shape the future of business education in the Asia-Pacific region. Established in 2005 as ESSECs first overseas campus outside France, Singapore was chosen for its strategic location as the gateway to Asia, a culturally vibrant hub for finance, communications, logistics, and information technology. The campus is surrounded by a buzzing technopreneur community of venture capitalists, innovators, students, researchers, and media enterprises. It is home to world-class R&D, tech, and media companies. Organizations like P&G Innovation Centre, A*STAR, The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia), Canon, Fujitsu Asia, Garena, and Ubisoft are located here. As a hub for ESSEC’s activities in the Asia-Pacific region, the campus offers a dynamic environment that facilitates the delivery of quality business programs to students and participants, fosters partnerships with academic and corporate entities, and drives influential research initiatives. 12 Classrooms 19 Student breakout rooms, and study areas 950 Students a year 6 500 m² Of total surface area Global BBA ESSEC’s Global BBA is a highly-selective four-year undergraduate degree. Highly selective, intensive and demanding, it is designed to prepare students for the business world in diverse and complex environments. Find out more Master in Management / Grande École ESSEC’s Master in Management program is designed to train the new generation of responsible leaders. Thanks to the unique flexibility of ESSEC’s pedagogical model, you have the freedom to forge your own academic journey. Find out more Master in Finance Lasting one or two years, including study trips, professional events, innovation competitions and field experience, the Master in Finance aims to equip its students with the best analytical skills and the unique adaptability to succeed inFind out more MSc in Data Science and Business Analytics This one- or two-year program draws on the teaching resources of ESSEC and CentraleSupélec, with a choice of three majors, to acquire the analytical skills needed for the best careers combining business and data science.Find out more Master in Strategy and Management of International Business This one- or two-year program can be customized into three different tracks to launch a career in high-value strategic positions, in consulting, or in the management of digital change.Find out moreformation-continue Global MBA Unlock opportunities in your desired industry with ESSEC’s Global MBA, a comprehensive 12-month full-time program, based in France. Participants receive specialized training designed to facilitate a smooth and successful transition into a new career. Find out more MSc in Marketing Management and Digital A Singapore-based program focused on digital marketing and luxury marketing, to equip students with the skills, knowledge and experience that will enable them to succeed as modern managers.Find out moreformation-continue Custom Programs Build a customized program that aligns with your organization’s need, objective culture and transformational challenges.Find out moreformation-continue Certificates & short programs Refine your expertise and unlock your potential with ESSEC Business School’s array of short courses. Discover our certificates and short programs (2 to 6 days) covering a diverse range of key management areas for a rapid and targeted skills development.Find out moreformation-continue Executive MBA ESSEC’s MBA programs are graduate-level programs that cater to experienced professionals seeking to elevate their management skills and fast-track their career progression. Embark on our hybrid, modular or weekend format Executive MBAs, to be completed in just 18 months.Find out moreESSEC is a research-driven business school, led by a faculty of influential experts, integrated within an international community and featuring a diverse range of skills. The faculty members are strongly committed to share their expertise and frequently contribute to executive programs, conferences, forums and symposiums among others. ESSEC’s faculty hails from some of the most prestigious institutions worldwide. 21 permanent professors are based in the Asia-Pacific campus. For more informationThe Asia-Pacific campus is located in Singapore, a dynamic city renowned for its urban environment, cultural diversity, and connectivity to the region. Known as the "Garden City of Asia, Singapore offers a lush urban landscape with many places to explore. Near the ESSEC campus, you will also find vibrant shopping and dining destinations such as The Star Vista and Timbre+. Singapore has a thriving arts and entertainment scene at locations like its Civic District and Clarke Quay, Gardens by the Bay, The Esplanade, and Botanic Gardens. Singapore’s safe, efficient, and harmonious society allows you to immerse yourself in a rich variety of experiences, while its strategic location serves as a gateway to major business hubs across Asia-Pacific. Officially inaugurated on 4 May 2015, ESSEC’s Asia-Pacific campus was designed by Singapore’s former chief planner and renowned architect Dr. Liu Thai Ker, symbolizing a fusion of European and Asian architectural styles.The campus has been designed for a pleasant and conducive learning experience. Amidst the backdrop of Nepal Park’s scenic greenery, our classrooms, cafeteria, study areas, breakout rooms, K-lab, and ESSEC’s cutting-edge research library offer a full range of facilities to complement your academic experience. The Knowledge Lab (K-lab) is a comprehensive suite of cutting-edge resources, facilities, and services to support the academic endeavors of the ESSEC community. With a primary aim to enhance teaching and research standards, the K-lab is committed to procuring and disseminating educational materials, producing video content, aiding faculty with digital tools, and implementing innovative pedagogical approaches to create an enriching academic experience for all.By continuing our transformation into an environmentally friendly campus, ESSEC Asia-Pacific is eager to pioneer a better tomorrow for our world.Some of the sustainability-focused initiatives undertaken at our Asia-Pacific campus include: The installation of solar panels capable of producing 41.6 kilowatts of electricity per hour at peak capacity. Annually, these panels are projected to generate 3-6% of our energy consumption while significantly reducing our carbon footprint by 15.6 tonsGrowing our own edible rooftop garden, and supplying organic produce to our cafeteria, students, and staff. Our edible garden produces more than 20 varieties of fruits, vegetables, and herbsThe installation of Electric Vehicle (EV) chargers at our carpark, supporting the adoption of EVs in our communityGetting to the campus: 5 Nepal Park Singapore 139408 Google Maps Public transportation The nearest MRT station is one-north MRT Station (CC23), on the Circle Line. When you reach the one-north MRT station, take Exit B and walk up Nepal Park to reach the campus. Buses: 74, 91, 92, 95, 191, 196, 198 or 200 Eating on campus On-campus dining services Sodexo cafeteria, open from 8.00 am - 5.00 pm The cafeteria also has microwave ovens to heat meals Pre-arrival Preparation for your arrival To prepare for a successful study program in Singapore, we have compiled a checklist on our blog site. ESSEC APAC endeavors to update the checklist whenever there are changes to governmental or enrolment policies. For the most recent updates, please check with the school’s representatives. Accommodation in Singapore A wide range of rental properties is available, from single rooms to public or private apartments. Learn more about rental and housing options in Singapore on our blog site. We are happy to offer advice and facilitate their search for suitable accommodation. 2024 Date Description 18 November 2024 Dealing with the pain of workplace conflicts - CNA Work It (Podcast) - Prof. Sam Garg 1 November 2024 What the US presidential election means for China and the rest of Asia - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 October 2024 New auditing rules finalised as Asia mulls mandatory sustainability assurance - Eco-Business - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 4 October 2024 Decoding the rise of the Indian luxury consumer: The playbook for Western luxury brands - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 October 2024 How can anti-corruption regulations promote social responsibility? - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 29 September 2024 Israel’s killing of Nasrallah: Who could be Hezbollah’s new leader, and how will Iran react? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 September 2024 ‘Keen to move forward’: India, China signal thaw in ties with diplomatic, border efforts - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 6 September 2024 EU’s carbon tax on China EVs sparks debate on environmental progress, economic burden in Asia - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 September 2024 Pressure piles on Israels Netanyahu over Gaza - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 August 2024 To do or not to do: How to frame more ambitious goals so you stick to them - Forbes India - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 August 2024 Key management changes at S’pore digital banks GXS, MariBank may signal strategic shifts ahead - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 August 2024 DBS succession: The end of an era, but incoming CEO Tan Su Shan is poised to run the next lap well - The Straits Times - Prof. Rick Marchese 30 July 2024 What does it take to become digitally resilient? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 July 2024 Harris Won’t Dump Taiwan. That’s Why China Likes Trump - Bloomberg - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 July 2024 ‘It is time for this war to end: Is a Gaza ceasefire in sight after Netanyahu’s US visit? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 July 2024 India debates increased Chinese investment: can benefits outweigh geopolitical risks? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 25 July 2024 Marketing budget cuts: borrowing from the future to finance the present? - CNA938 - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 22 July 2024 Merchants in Singapore offering ‘buy now, pay later’ plans see uplift in sales - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 July 2024 How will the demand for passion investments evolve in Singapore? - CNA - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 July 2024 India’s Modi expected to curb populist welfare spending in pro-growth budget - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 July 2024 Mutual funds vs Exchange Traded Funds for retail investors - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 8 July 2024 CNA Explains: Frances election has ended in a hung parliament. What happens next? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 July 2024 Far-right parties unlikely to have a big influence on European policy, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 June 2024 R.I.C.H: The X factor to make it big in the luxury industry - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 22 June 2024 EU tariffs on China not a punishment, says German economy minister - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 June 2024 Customer referencing: Turning the customer into a credible source of value - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 18 June 2024 S’pore reclaims top spot in world competitiveness ranking after three years - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 June 2024 Chinas Big Tech companies taught Asia to pay by scanning QR codes, but made a mess along the way - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 June 2024 G7 Meeting: Leaders in Italy to discuss issues such as Ukraine, China and AI - BBC Business Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 June 2024 Imposing tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles contradictory to EUs decarbonisation plans: Analyst - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 June 2024 EU’s move to hit Chinese EV makers with higher tariffs will not affect pricing much: Experts - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 June 2024 Feminist geopolitics crucial for todays global challenges - Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 10 June 2024 ESG Roundup: Market Talk - The Wall Street Journal - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 10 June 2024 Chinese EV manufacturers are now ‘scouting’ the EU, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 June 2024 China vs. U.S., Zelenskyy appears: 5 takeaways from Shangri-La forum - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 June 2024 Daily Cuts - Ukraine’s Zelenskyy faces China in a drop-in at the Shangri-La Dialogue - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2024 How luxury brands are making up for lower Chinese spending - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 May 2024 理财锦囊：别把今朝当末日 不视消费为救星 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 May 2024 Chinese President Xi starts state visit to France - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 May 2024 Eu Yan Sang and the continuing quest to grow Singapore unicorns - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 May 2024 Corporates amid complexities: Why diverse voices matter more than ever - ETHRWorld - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 7 May 2024 Why is geopolitics knowledge essential for business leaders? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 April 2024 Confidence: How it helps to keep the marketing budget healthy and long-term - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 8 April 2024 Will fresh Middle East tensions blow up risks for small Asian firms? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 April 2024 Money in the Market: How will Chinas stricter IPO rules affect the stock market? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Rick Marchese 23 March 2024 India comes for China’s manufacturing crown as supply chains slowly shift - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 21 March 2024 Euro Watch: What the Kate photo controversy is really about - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 March 2024 Daily Cuts - European Council summit — responding to ongoing hotspots - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 March 2024 A Wee matter of succession and continuity at UOB - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 17 March 2024 悉看大势：低调奢华风潮再现 隐形富人穿名牌 不是行家不识货 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 15 March 2024 HK’s green vision - China Daily - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 14 March 2024 Euro Watch: What can the world expect from six more years of Vladimir Putin? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 March 2024 How Asian women are challenging bias to carve out entrepreneurial success, from Singapore to India - South China Morning Post - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 March 2024 Unlocking potential: How international business school helps HR specialist find her voice and purpose - The Business Times - Stephenie Teo - EMBA alumna 7 March 2024 Firms that peg CEOs’ pay to ESG goals must be clear how it fits with their strategy - The Business Times - Prof. Koh Ping-Sheng 6 March 2024 US primary elections, Asian companies closely tracking the results - BBC Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 March 2024 S’pore factory activity falters in February, albeit still in expansion mode - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 February 2024 Euro Watch: Qatar to invest €10bn in France. How will Europes second-biggest economy benefit? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 February 2024 What may be included in Singapores unemployment benefits for retrenched workers? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 February 2024 Red Sea shipping crisis stokes further inflation fears after Houthi attack - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 February 2024 Investing in sustainability efforts to remain competitive - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 6 February 2024 Avdiivka Is About to Fall - Newsweek - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 February 2024 Money in the Market: Will Japan’s economic boom sustain? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 January 2024 Euro Watch: India rolls out red carpet for Macron. France eyes lucrative trade deals - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 January 2024 Asian exporters face more Red Sea risks after US-led attacks on Houthis, alternative route adding to high costs - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 January 2024 Daily Cuts - World Economic Forum - Day 1 Wrap & Day 2 Lookahead - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 January 2024 Japan stocks surge to 34-year high, but rally could slow amid expected shift in monetary policy - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 January 2024 Euro Watch: Is Germanys economy struggling in 2024? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2023 20 December 2023 How will the world economy look in 2024 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 December 2023 Red Sea attacks threaten Asia’s holiday food imports, rattle supply chains: ‘stakes are high’ - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic and Prof. Jamus Lim 19 December 2023 Kyra Poh, The RecordBreaking Red Bull Skydiving Athlete On Dealing With The Stress Of Success - Tatler Asia - Kyra Poh, GBBA Student 17 December 2023 Augustman’s Big Luxury Conversation with Dr. Sonja Prokopec Associate Dean of Faculty, ESSEC Asia-Pacific - AugustMan - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 7 December 2023 Euro Watch: Can EU & Chinese leaders address trade imbalances at EU-China summit 2023? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 December 2023 A China rivalry twist emerges in Sri Lanka’s new US-funded, Indian-built port - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 December 2023 5 Leadership Lessons From OpenAI’s Week Of Drama - Forbes - Prof. Sam Garg 1 December 2023 Oil price decline eases Asia’s inflation fears as Opec production cuts disappoint - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 30 November 2023 Euro Watch: How 2,500-year-old Parthenon sculptures sparked a row between UK & Greece - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 30 November 2023 The art of premiumisation: What all brands can learn from the luxury sectors - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 27 November 2023 Beancounters in popular culture: The story behind the art - Forbes India - Prof. Mark Christensen 23 November 2023 Sam Altman returning to OpenAI as CEO - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 November 2023 Open AIs Sam Altmans surprise return - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 November 2023 The relationship between Sam Altman and the OpenAI board is ‘already broken’: Professor - CNBC - Prof. Sam Garg 16 November 2023 Euro Watch: David Cameron Makes Shock Return to British Politics. Good or Bad for PM Rishi Sunak? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 November 2023 When young workers quit jobs to pursue passion – and parents support them - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 2 November 2023 Euro Watch: Will UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunaks AI Summit Be A Success? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 October 2023 Euro Watch: Will EU leaders agree on a humanitarian pause in Gaza? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 October 2023 Investing in luxury assets can be a way of diversifying your investment portfolio - The Straits Times (Podcast) - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 October 2023 Euro Watch: Economic Ramifications of Hamas-Israel Conflict & EUs Financial Aid to Palestine - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 October 2023 Ant, Tencent ride tourism recovery to capture cross-border payments - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 October 2023 A.I. — An Enabler, Not A Solution - Storm Asia - Prof. Pierre Alquier 7 October 2023 Singaporeans and their struggle with the fear of being merely average - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 3 October 2023 China’s Belt and Road Shows the High Price of Beijing’s Money - Bloomberg - Prof. Jamus Lim 28 September 2023 Belting out a new tune or going down the same old road? - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 26 September 2023 Getting organised for AI - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 25 September 2023 China wants the EU to show its independence from the United States, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 September 2023 On the global stage, where are all the Singaporean CEOs? - The Straits Times - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 21 September 2023 Euro Watch: From Aid Double Standards to Climate Emergency at UN General Assembly - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 September 2023 MariBank raises interest rate on savings account to 2.88% as digital banks seek to draw customers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 September 2023 人工智能助力新加坡金融业 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Yan Li 31 August 2023 The Hikikomori Phenomenon - is Information Technology really to blame? - Forbes India - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 August 2023 Myths of strategy: Challenging assumptions and rethinking business - The Business Times - Prof. Jerome Barthelemy 10 August 2023 Euro Watch: China-Russia differences - Is there a turning point for the Ukraine conflict? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 31 July 2023 The promise and peril of artificial intelligence as a general purpose technology - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 July 2023 Euro Watch: War in Ukraine, food security and trade to be discussed in Russia-Africa summit and economic forum - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 July 2023 Loud is out: how brands can tap into the trend of quiet luxury - Campaign Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 20 July 2023 Euro Watch: Coping with Russias pulling out of the Black Sea Grain initiative - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 July 2023 Nadellas Microsoft Payouts Top $1 Billion on 1,000% Stock Boom - Bloomberg - Prof. Sam Garg 14 July 2023 Under the Radar: An inside look into the private education business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Reetika Gupta 11 July 2023 Ukraine’s grain supplies to Asia shrink as ‘lifeline’ Black Sea deal expiry looms - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 July 2023 Keeping AI in Check - China Daily - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 June 2023 Asia Tonight - Channel News Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 June 2023 Digital banks have to do more to woo customers in Singapore, say analysts - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 22 June 2023 Euro Watch: Ukraine Recovery Conference pledges billions in aid for war-torn country - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 June 2023 Young & Savvy: Looking past the glitz of luxury investment - The Straits Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 08 June 2023 Euro Watch: Why the EU did not flesh out framework to enhance engagement in Asia - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 June 2023 What are the objectives of the war in Ukraine? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 01 June 2023 Being kind will not diminish your authority, says business school leader - CNBC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 29 May 2023 Can Singapore’s new crop of digital banks achieve success? - International Banker (Online) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 May 2023 Singapore expects to avoid recession this year - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 May 2023 There may be some "fatigue" about the Russia-Ukraine war in the US - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 May 2023 How business school-honed soft skills and analytical savvy continue to fuel ICT trailblazers career 28 years on - The Business Times - Mireille (Mimi) Giraud, GBBA alumna 8 May 2023 A Match Made in Brand Heaven? - Portfolio - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 4 May 2023 From Hermes lamps to Dior chairs, luxury brands are pushing into furniture and home decor - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 May 2023 新加坡推进支付融合 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 May 2023 Narrative reviews: A powerful tool for businesses - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 13 Apr 2023 Crisis, crisis, everywhere - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Apr 2023 Effective Leadership in a Crisis - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Sam Garg 29 Mar 2023 Success is in the air for these Singapore skydivers - The Straits Times - Kyra Poh, ESSEC GBBA Participant 28 Mar 2023 The importance of imagination in todays economy - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 27 Mar 2023 Should We Bank On Banks? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 Mar 2023 China is Uniting Middle East—Thats Bad News for U.S. - Newsweek Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 Mar 2023 Asian central banks face little impact from US, Europe banking crisis - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 20 Mar 2023 ‘There’s a human cost’: Bumpy road ahead for UBS-Credit Suisse marriage in S’pore - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 Mar 2023 Credit Suisse to continue operating without interruption in S’pore following UBS rescue deal: MAS - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Mar 2023 Money Mind 2022/2023 - Bank Run - Channel News Asia - Prof. Rick Marchese 16 Mar 2023 Luxury leather bags could be your next cash cow - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 Mar 2023 SVB collapse: Asian start-ups largely unscathed but US Fed’s rate hikes raise spectre of wider crisis - SCMP - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 Mar 2023 Start-ups in Singapore to face more difficulties in fundraising after US bank failures, say experts and VCs - CNA - Prof. Vijay Yadav 13 Mar 2023 Supercore inflation: Why the Fed suddenly cares about your barbershop and plumbing bills - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 08 Mar 2023 Why is International Women’s Day important? - Tatler Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 07 Mar 2023 Generative AI: Friend or foe? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 20 Feb 2023 Brand Purpose and Responsible Marketing walk into a bar. They meet common sense - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 Feb 2023 From Grab to Ant, Singapores digital bank race picks up pace - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 Feb 2023 Singapore faces uneven recovery in 2023 with impact of China’s reopening still uncertain - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 12 Feb 2023 How GST Affects You - Storm Asia - Prof. Rick Marchese 9 Feb 2023 What happens when the guns fall silent? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 Feb 2023 Russia’s war with Ukraine has dragged on for a year. Amid the stalemate, Putin might give peace a chance - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Feb 2023 China’s Tencent wants to expand its presence in Singapore — and Chinese tourists are a big reason - CNBC - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 Jan 2023 Foreign university campuses in India: Is the move practical? - Forbes India 25 Jan 2023 Small entities can tackle big challenges - Bangkok Post - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 19 Jan 2023 “Digibank” division Major banks take the lead, Grab also participates (Translated) - Nikkei Financial - Prof. Jan Ondrus 18 Jan 2023 Twitter reverses its 2019 ban on political ads - The Business Times - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 Jan 2023 Academic research award: tipping point for action - The Financial Times - Prof Arijit Chatterjee 10 Jan 2023 Snapshots of the global economy going into 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 07 Jan 2023 China’s loss is Southeast Asia’s gain as supply chains shift away to cheaper climes - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 Jan 2023 Asean tech IPO drought likely to remain, startups may choose M&A instead - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 2022 28 Dec 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 26 Dec 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 9 Dec 2022 What Do The Signals Flag For Next Year? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 Nov 2022 Keeping the flames of free trade alive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 23 Nov 2022 The long and short of it: What makes CEOs decide? - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck-Siong Chung 17 Nov 2022 Realising the metaverse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 7 Nov 2022 Analysts mixed on GDP forecast for 2022 and 2023 after 3Q2022 advance estimates - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 Nov 2022 New buy now, pay later guidelines: S$2,000 cap a good start but not enough, experts say - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2 Nov 2022 More safeguards needed for ‘buy now, pay later’ scheme to protect younger consumers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 Oct 2022 Deconstructing ancient worlds to build our own: The case of education - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 14 Oct 2022 Singaporeans face another year of paying more for goods and services - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 Oct 2022 Learning to do business in an uncertain world - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 Sep 2022 Economists split on whether MAS tightening in October will be single or ‘double-barrelled’ move - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 Sep 2022 News from the World of Education - The Hindu - Prof. Reetika Gupta 21 Sep 2022 The return of corporate nationality - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 12 Sep 2022 Business schools steer a difficult course on carbon - Financial Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 Sep 2022 Asia Currencies Outlook - BBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Aug 2022 What the world can learn from Southeast Asia innovation - Forbes India - Prof. Julien Salanave-Pehe 24 Aug 2022 Is there any possibility for the rise of "Hikikomori" amid the escalation of virtual interaction? - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 23 Aug 2022 Mind Your Business: Strategic responses to ‘Grand Challenges’ in the business world - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 16 Aug 2022 女性科技市场预计到了2025年 产值能达到13亿美金 - 8World Online - Prof. Li Yan 16 Aug 2022 Why investors are selling off tech stocks and what’s next - Channel News Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 3 Aug 2022 Educators on empowering today’s students with the skills to flourish in tomorrow’s world - The Peak - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 Aug 2022 Crisis in Colombo - Frobes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 July 2022 How to engage with the new Asian luxury consumer - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 24 June 2022 The effect of Chinas tech crackdown - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 21 June 2022 In Malaysia, a big push towards going fully cashless - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 June 2022 What makes the e-CNY different from bitcoin? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 June 2022 Column-Crypto crash exposes regulators complacency: McGeever - Reuters - Prof. Jan Ondrus 03 June 2022 Why education must inculcate passion - The Peak Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 June 2022 Where will Russia’s oil and gas go? - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 May 2022 The risk of delisting for the US listed Chinese ADRs - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 May 2022 China’s tech industry growth loses steam as Tencent’s depressed earnings show impact of economic slowdown, analysts say - South China Morning Post - Prof. Daphne Liu 16 May 2022 Retail technology: shaping tomorrow’s stores and shoppers - WARC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 12 May 2022 \u200bFood Protectionism: Countries Restrict Exports for Security, Control Inflation - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 Apr 2022 The economic consequences of the war - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Apr 2022 China’s Didi says it won’t list elsewhere until after it leaves NYSE - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Daphne Lui 18 Apr 2022 Didi Says It Won’t List Elsewhere Until After It Leaves New York - Caixin Global - Prof. Daphne Lui 11 Apr 2022 Why It Matters: Marketing myopia and its implications - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 4 Apr 2022 Russian war-crimes in Ukraine - Channel News Asia TV (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Apr 2022 More women find work opportunities amid the pandemic - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2 Apr 2022 Behind the metaverse real estate rush - Tech In Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 28 Mar 2022 China likely to ease tech crackdown as undue scrutiny hurts economy - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 24 Mar 2022 Grab, Sea price slump could affect S-E Asian unicorns going public - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 Mar 2022 Preventing a burnout - My Winet - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 19 Mar 2022 Preventing a burnout - The Star - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 18 Mar 2022 Infusing Tomorrow’s Leadership With Meaning – An Interview With Vincenzo Vinzi, Dean Of ESSEC Business School - Forbes 8 Mar 2022 Asia’s femtech revolution: the quest for better women’s health - Financial Times (Online) - Prof. Yan Li 6 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Viva Online - Prof. Yan Li 3 Mar 2022 Is the Ukraine war the start of a new world order? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Mar 2022 Minding the very visible hand of geopolitics in business - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 3 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: The quest for better womens health - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Yan Li 2 Mar 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 1 Mar 2022 Words On War — The Battle In Ukraine - Storm Asia- Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 Feb 2022 ESSEC deans take on the modern MBA - The Straits Times - Dean Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 16 Feb 2022 Russia - Ukraine Tension - Al Jazeera (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 Feb 2022 Wed Web Chat - Big Data 101 - Storm Asia - Prof. Yan Li 14 Feb 2022 How can Ukraine-Russia conflict unfold? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Feb 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - Singapore Law Watch - Prof. Jan Ondrus 8 Feb 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - The Business Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 Feb 2022 Not your usual...marketing museums with Asian Civilisations Museum - Marketing Connected - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 Feb 2022 Forging a new economic growth model for India - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 31 Jan 2022 Strong interest in SGXs first Spacs but still too early to judge performance, say observers - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 28 Jan 2022 Russia - Ukraine Crisis - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 Jan 2022 Bank of Singapores Stephenie Teo joins Eastspring Investments as Director, Organisation Development - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 25 Jan 2022 Soul of business: The business of raising money for charity - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 18 Jan 2022 Ride-sharing giant Careem is pushing to reach super-app status - WIRED - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 Jan 2022 Will it be a bumpy road ahead for femtech in Southeast Asia? - TechWire Asia - Prof. Yan Li 10 Jan 2022 Musings on a brand new year - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 4 Jan 2022 Digital banks seen debuting strongly in 2022, but long and difficult path to profitability - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2021 22 Dec 2021 Spacs recover momentum, but lose some of their shine - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 16 Dec 2021 Commentary: Why workers are seduced by the cult of optimal busyness - Channel News Asia - Prof. Ioana Lupu 16 Dec 2021 The rise of special purpose acquisition (SPACs) - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 6 Dec 2021 Are leaders or employees responsible for career growth? - Human Resource Director Magazine (Online) - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 3 Dec 2021 Singaporean superapp Grab IPOs – badly – and promises to focus on maps and money - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 Dec 2021 5 Emerging Cities in China Luxury Brands Cannot Overlook - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 26 Nov 2021 See you in the metaverse: How VR and NFTs could transform commerce - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 26 Nov 2021 Weekly Wrap up: DBS suffers worst disruption in a decade - the implications - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 Nov 2021 MAS says DBS digital services outage is serious; analysts expect bank to be fined for broad and material impact - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 Nov 2021 Orchard Road blooms with Christmas florals in annual festive light-up - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 11 Nov 2021 When will corporations rule states? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Nov 2021 Doubling down on deals: How 11.11 became a double-digit sale phenomenon - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 10 Nov 2021 Why aren’t many Singaporeans happy at work? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 Nov 2021 From identity crisis to embracing my multinational background — here’s how I do it - Today - Alexandre Loo, GBBA alumnus 29 Oct 2021 Singapores labour market on the upswing as it gradually reopens borders: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Oct 2021 Asias ESG talent crunch - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 29 Oct 2021 Why the future belongs to gymnastic enterprises - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 Oct 2021 Diversification away from Taiwan chipmakers is necessary - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 18 Oct 2021 Blending purpose and profit - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 15 Oct 2021 Smaller negative output gap likely by 2022 - The Business TImes - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Singapores output gap tipped to close earliest by mid-2022 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Q3 GDP growth skids to 6.5% in absence of circuit breaker effect in Q2 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 Oct 2021 Learn beyond your job scope to be future-ready - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, Alumna, EMBA APAC 29 Sep 2021 IMDAs ruling on StarHub-MyRepublic deal will signal regulator tolerance for consolidation - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 22 Sep 2021 Game of alliances between China and the US after Afghanistan chapter - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 Sep 2021 Meet the founder of your watch collector’s favourite accessories shop - The Peak Singapore - Mouna Nassier 2 Sep 2021 How the world became dangerous again - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Sep 2021 As more investors start young, experts urge platforms to promote healthy trading - Channel News Asia (Online) - Prof. Vijay Yadav 31 Aug 2021 Sonja Prokopec, LVMH chaired professor of marketing at ESSEC Business School - Robb Report Singapore 31 Aug 2021 Telcos, solutions providers tipped to join hands for 5G era - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 Aug 2021 Spirituality and Confucianism to embrace a better future of innovation - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 Aug 2021 Analysts keep 2021 GDP estimates unchanged even after increase in official GDP forecast - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Aug 2021 Singapore plays catch-up with Taiwan as chip investments soar - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 6 Aug 2021 Analysts expect Keppel Corp to monetise SPHs non-core assets; acquisition expected to be EPS accretive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Daphne Lui 31 July 2021 Green Bonds, Shareholder Activism, and the Importance of ESG Investing - TransFin - Prof. Vijay Yadav 30 July 2021 Understanding diversity within Muslim market vital in business expansion planning - New Straits Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 24 July 2021 Femtech: More than periods and pregnancy - The Business Times - Prof. Yan Li 15 July 2021 Prioritising femtech in Southeast Asia: Opportunities and challenges - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 15 July 2021 Carro and Carsome: Valuations run fast and furious, but true test lies in fintech - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chun 14 July 2021 Singapores Fashion and Museum Industry [Broadcast] - CNA938 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 July 2021 Q2 GDP may dip from Q1 but recovery still on track: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 July 2021 Can Singapore survive a global minimum tax? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 July 2021 The case for a global minimum tax - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 July 2021 Luxury should be Exquisite, not Exclusive - The Storm Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 6 July 2021 Investors may adjust China risk appetite after Didi crackdown - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 1 July 2021 Sun Tzu and the US-China war games - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 June 2021 Will Southeast Asia be a leader in Islamic Marketing - The Halal Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 June 2021 Why Southeast Asia will be the leader in Islamic Marketing - Marketing Interactive - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 June 2021 Targeting groups can boost retail sales in Singapore - The Business Times - Prof. Reetika Gupta 15 June 2021 Doing good while doing well: The case of business IT initiatives - Forbes India - Prof. Li Yan 7 June 2021 Biden, vaccine diplomacy and responsible innovation: time to quell our egos? - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 1 June 2021 Geopolitical landscape and geopolitical issues in Asia - Bloomberg Radio (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 May 2021 The relationship between gender, mentoring and career success - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 May 2021 Singapore economy grows 1.3% in Q1 but no change to GDP forecast for 2021 - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 May 2021 Singapores 1Q21 GDP "pleasant surprise"; economist mostly keep 2021 GDP growth forecast between 5.5 % to 8% - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 May 2021 Singapore Q1 GDPs upside surprise muted by Covid-19 resurgence, outlook to remain - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 05 May 2021 Marketing and Artificial Intelligence: Pitfalls and Possibilities - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Arnaud De Bryun 14 Apr 2021 Impact on social cohesiveness on ones shopping habits - CNA938 (Radio) - Prof. Reetika Gupta 14 Apr 2021 TEDx 2021: How can we reconcile progress and sustainability? - Eco-Business 30 Mar 2021 Can we develop innovative and responsible social networks? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 Mar 2021 When feeling guilty and regretful can boost our goal-achievement rate - Digicon Asia- Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 Mar 2021 Chinas journey to join the CPTPP will be closely watched - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Feb 2021 Singapore taxi giant challenges Grab with ride-hailing trial - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 Jan 2021 Singapore - 10th edition of iMagination Week at ESSEC - Le Petit Journal, Singapore - Prof. Xavier Pavie How to resolve conflicts between co-workers - HRD Asia - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2020 24 Dec 2020 From bipolarisation to bifurcation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 24 Dec 2020 New Cold War, or new frontlines? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 Dec 2020 Secure ecosystem is key in fast payment access for non-bank e-wallet players - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 Nov 2020 Weekly Money FM Podcasts: What businesses can do for sustainability - The Straits Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 25 Nov 2020 Rethinking innovation in a post-pandemic world - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 Nov 2020 The need to re-think innovation in a post-pandemic world - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 18 Nov 2020 Seven reasons for Alibabas success - Digital Commerce 360 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 9 Nov 2020 Why is responsible innovation all the more important in the 21st century and is there a business case for it? - CNA938 [Facebook] - Prof. Xavier Pavie 7 Nov 2020 Pay later, not never: What buy now, pay later spells for consumer debt and the easy credit business model - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 6 Nov 2020 Responsible Innovation (Broadcast) - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Xavier Pavie 30 Oct 2020 US under Trump: Diminished or unambiguously worse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 Oct 2020 U.K Says No To More BREXIT Trade Talks with EU - CNBC Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 Sep 2020 Safeguards to prevent abuse of tourism voucher scheme - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 10 Sep 2020 Radio Interview on the Escalating US-China Tension - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Aug 2020 Take your experience further - Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 Jul 2020 Escalating tensions between the US and China - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 Jul 2020 The Textile and Fashion Federation Welcomes New President and Members of Council - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 Jul 2020 Wirecard scandal puts audit firms, not fintechs, in hot seat - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 Jun 2020 How to build a stronger business magnet - The Business Times Views From The Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 24 Jun 2020 Is Now the Right Time to Study an Executive MBA? - QS Top MBA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 Jun 2020 Personal Finance in the age of social media - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Chung 28 May 2020 The battle between niche and accessible luxury brands for young Chinese Consumer begins - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 May 2020 Reopening Singapore Inc a balancing act - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 8 May 2020 Countries in the Middle East are easing coronavirus restrictions. Heres what experts have to say - CNBC Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 May 2020 The Pros and Cons of Flash Sales in China - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 5 May 2020 Robo-advisers hold steady as COVID-19 presents first big test - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 4 May 2020 Coronavirus: China wins the battle but can lose the war - La Tribune - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 Apr 2020 Onine MBA programmes emerge as pandemic prompts temporary closure - Singapore Business Review 28 Apr 2020 Strategies towards impactful corporate philanthropy in the 2020s - Green Pulse - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 24 Apr 2020 Prepping Spore firms for life after COVID-19 - The Business Times - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 17 Apr 2020 Business-government relations in a time of coronavirus - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 16 Apr 2020 The political game of CEOs: How to play it right - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestoroic 8 Apr 2020 Macroview on the impact of COVID-19 on Geopolitics - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Apr 2020 What Philosophy teaches us about the Coronavirus Pandemic - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Mar 2020 Why firms internal processes may determine the business impact of COVID-19 - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 19 Mar 2020 Xavier Pavie, Philosophie critique de l’innovation et de l’innovateur - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie March 2020 How are educators dealing with the new coronavirus? - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 1 Mar 2020 The coronavirus problem is worse in Iran than it is in Italy - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 Feb 2020 Put on your thinking cap - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 Feb 2020 Budget moves prioritise viable firms for a reason - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 Feb 2020 Budget 2020s short-term stimulus could be smaller than it seems - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 Feb 2020 4th Edition of Luxury Symposium - Retail in Asia 10 Feb 2020 Have multi-currency account, will travel?: How far will new multi-currency players go in the payments game? - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 Feb 2020 Developing a global mindset - The Straits Times 23 Jan 2020 Singapore fares well in health and education on global social mobility index - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 Jan 2020 Trumps support for Irans protesters could actually be worse for them, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 06 Jan 2020 Singapore charts path on green finance - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 2019 12 Dec 2019 Dont think Labour will have any great achievement in the UK Election - CNBC Broadcast - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Dec 2019 Responsible Innovation: Why sustainability and eco-mindsets matter - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 22 Nov 2019 Singapores Green Finance Ecosystem - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Jamus Lim 22 Nov 2019 Empowering Sustainability through innovation - Asia Pacific Biotech News 21 Nov 2019 Firms should leverage EU - Singapore FTA Perks - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 Nov 2019 Why luxury brands like Christian Dior have a strong DNA - The Drum - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 Oct 2019 ESSEC Business School Programs Ranked Top Three Worldwide: QS 2020 - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 10 Oct 2019 Russia has been consistent in Syria - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Oct 2019 HRM FIVE: Why emotional intelligence is a vital metric for hirers - HRM Asia - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 16 Sep 2019 A look at the geography of the attacks on Saudis oilfield - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 Sep 2019 A*STAR, JTC and Science Centre Singapore organise one-north Festival 2019 - Biospectrum Asia 13 Sep 2019 The One-North Festival Opens With A Focus on Sustainability - The Straits Times 24 Aug 2019 Back to school: Is the Singapore Global Schoolhouse Back in Business? - The Business Times - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 12 Aug 2019 CHEXIT: China might just exit the multilateral order, if the US pushes it too hard - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestotovic 4 Aug 2019 Doubling her success - The Sunday Times - Mrs. Carisa Mann, EMBA Alumna 24 July 2019 A no-deal BREXIT may be the most realistic scenario - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 July 2019 Walking the tech talk - The Sunday Times - Mo Dirani, GMBA Alumni 4 July 2019 We are used to having drama over top EU job nominations - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 Jun 2019 Does Chinas Embrace of the Circular Economy may set an example for the west - Green in Future - Prof. Xavier Pavie 26 Jun 2019 Trumps trade war and the clash of civilisations - ASEAN Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Jun 2019 Boris Johnson has good chances with the members of the party - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Jun 2019 Transforming the Singapore retail Experience - Future IoT - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 May 2019 Issues at European election include nationalism and immigration - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 May 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - SGSME - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 May 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 May 2019 Meat alternatives with a bite - The Straits Times - ESSEC Business School 7 May 2019 Beyond 2030 - The Journal [ACCJ] - Prof. Kevyn Yong 6 May 2019 Workforce of the future - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 3 May 2019 Honestbee CEO replaced; firm said to be sticking to habitat growth - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 Apr 2019 Global Strategist Parag Khanna On Why Hes Bullish About Asia - Singapore Tatler - The ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific 23 Apr 2019 Jewel: Just one facet of growth - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 Apr 2019 Grab Food may be secret sauce for tasty margins - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 Apr 2019 A plan for the Singapore of tomorrow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 Apr 2019 Ubers Singapore hub a signal more will follow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 Apr 2019 Huawei: A victim or a cause of the divide between the west and China? - Financial Director - Prof. Yan Li and Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 Mar 2019 The 25 best MBA programs in the world for ambitious entrepreneurs - Business Insider Singapore 24 Mar 2019 Not all business as usual as Thailand finally heads to the poll - The Edge - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 Mar 2019 Econ 4.0: How agile are you? - The Edge Markets - Prof. Kevyn Yong 20 Mar 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The World News - Prof. Jan Ondrus 20 Mar 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 Mar 2019 BREXIT will become even more messier, analyst says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Mar 2019 The 20 Best Business Schools For Women In 2019 - Business Because 26 Feb 2019 Trump, Kim must announce something substantial - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 Feb 2019 Going Global - The Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 Feb 2019 Cisco invests S$25m in cybersecurity centre and first S-E Asian co-innovation hub in Spore - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 11 Feb 2019 GrabFood turns kitchen heat up a notch by going onto main menu - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 Feb 2019 How much value can creativity bring to the business? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Jan 2019 Geopolitics: MBAs evolve to help students navigate global chaos - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 Jan 2019 UK general election more likely than second BREXIT referendum - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 Jan 2019 From Carlos-san to Ghosn yougisha (suspects) - Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 Jan 2019 Whats next after the rejection of Theresa Mays "BREXIT" agreement? - Metro Mexico - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 Jan 2019 Why is Singapore unafraid of slower growth globally? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 Jan 2019 A Global Perspective- The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 Jan 2019 Ghosn saga a lesson for everyone at the helm - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 Jan 2019 Europe-building is OVER Business analyst reveals WHY 2019 will DOOM Junckers EU dream - The New York Times Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Jan 2019 EU fears parliament election more than BREXIT claims Professor - The Express UK - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 Jan 2019 EU elections in May 2019 are a big concern - Yahoo Finance - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 Jan 2019 EU elections in May 2019 are a big concern - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2018 18 Dec 2018 Tour Versailles in Singapore - The Straits Times 24 Dec 2018 Shopping, interrupted - The Edge Singapore (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 Dec 2018 Masters and MBA Inside Peek - Postgrad.com - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 Dec 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavorable position - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 Dec 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavourable position - Yahoo News Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Dec 2018 Why are more people from the APAC applying for MBAs? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Vincenzo Vinzi 19 Nov 2018 Mind the financial gaps - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 Nov 2018 Finding Fintechs purpose - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 Nov 2018 Fostering closer relations: China to tap potential in trade and investment with ASEAN and Singapore - China Daily - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 Nov 2018 ASEAN fund passporting initiative good for branding, but more cooperation needed - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 Nov 2018 How to put innovation into action? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 Oct 2018 Leveraging artificial intelligence for enterprise innovation - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Kevyn Yong 22 Oct 2018 Searching for Gold in the Silver Economy - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 15 Oct 2018 From Scores to Skills - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 Oct 2018 Helping AI Embrace Empathy - Asian Scientist 3 Oct 2018 There are now higher chances for a second referendum on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 Sep 2018 How to put innovation into action: Xavier Pavie of ESSEC explains - FOCUS Magazine - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 20 Sep 2018 Confident there will be a BREXIT deal, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 Sep 2018 SIGEF 2018: Building a sustainable, inclusive future - The Online Citizen 8 Sep 2018 Degree in Disruption: Executive MBAs take a tech turn - Japan Today - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 Sep 2018 Degree in Disruption - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 Sep 2018 Why the US runs current account deficits - The EDGE Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 Aug 2018 Tiffany Paper Flowers x Generation T - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 21 Aug 2018 Can these ambitious marketing students prove their degree was worth it? - Campaign Asia 20 Aug 2018 ESSEC and A*STAR collaborate to host science communications competition at one-north Festival - French Chamber Singapore 19 Aug 2018 5 Minutes with ESSEC Business School - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Singapore Tatler 9 Aug 2018 Geopolitics primer for Managers - The Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 Aug 2018 Why managers should learn about Geopolitics - The Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 Aug 2018 Is a marketing degree really necessary? - CampaignAsia.com 6 Aug 2018 Future Economy Deepens on Tech Experimentation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 Aug 2018 EZ - Link plans to turn cards into e-wallets with digital push - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 July 2018 France and Singapore deepen innovation and research cooperation - Embassy of France in Singapore 18 July 2018 Singapore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - French Chamber Singapore 16 July 2018 Nothing spectacular is expected from the EU - China summit - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 July 2018 在人工智能等领域合作 新法数机构交换多项备忘录 - Lianhe Zaobao 14 July 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - Asia News Network 14 July 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 Singapore and France ink deal for startups - Singapore Business Review 13 July 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 July 2018 MoU signed to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 July 2018 Spore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 MoUs signed to help Singapore, French enterprises innovate - The Business Times 13 July 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises, connect, innovate - The Straits Times 13 July 2018 Spore could explore housing regulators, start-ups under one roof: Chan Chun Sing - TODAY ONLINE 13 July 2018 ESSEC Business School to help connect Singapore startups, networks with counterparts in France - The Business Times 2 July 2018 Using less cash - The Business Times, Views from the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 July 2018 "Radical Changes" in German politics are unexpected - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 July 2018 Smoother Delivery - The Sunday Times Postgrad Studies II - Mr. Ivan Fernandez 28 June 2018 ESSEC & Singapores Supply Chain and Logistics Academy Announce MoU to improve logistics capabilities of local SMEs - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 21 June 2018 Customer can tap PayNow to pay bills, receive money from companies from Aug 13 - TODAYonline - Prof. Kevyn Yong 8 June 2018 There is an "asymmetric situation between China and Russia" - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 June 2018 Innovating in a service-driven economy: How business models are evolving? - FOCUS Magazine - Prof. Xavier Pavie 6 June 2018 Advisory council on ethical use of AI to be set up - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 4 June 2018 Education arms race fuelling inequality; solution to improve income alongside access - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 May 2018 Bid to enable public transit payments via GrabPay - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 May 2018 France - SG think-tank releases 2018 report highlighting human needs amid the rise of AI - Enterprise Innovation 24 May 2018 Italys new government has some "maneuver room" on policies - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2018 Is Asian leadership a default concept? - Faculti.net - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 May 2018 Wooing China with online buzz at Cannes - The Straits Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 21 May 2018 LOreal cakes on Cannes digital gloss because Chinas worth it - The Business Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 17 May 2018 Responsible Innovation - Faculti.net - Prof. Xavier Pavie 10 May 2018 Mind Your Business - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 5 May 2018 The Big Read: The Rise of AI, and how lives will be forever changed - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 3 May 2018 Career 360 - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 30 April 2018 Wooing and retaining talent - The Business Times Views form the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 17 April 2018 Re-designing education through imagination - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 April 2018 Dual-class shares controversial but evidence of dangers still limited - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 April 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - SGSME.SG 14 April 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - The Business Times 12 April 2018 Re-designing education through imagination - BBN TImes - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 April 2018 UOBs Finlab to help SMEs with digital transformation- The Edge Singapore 12 April 2018 7 Local businesses selected for SME accelerator programme in Singapore - SGSME.SG 12 April 2018 Luxurys happy problem: what to do with 17.4 B euros in cash - The Business Times - Prof. Ashok Som 11 April 2018 Hossan Leongs Top 3 Picks For Voilah! 2018 - 8 Days Singapore 7 April 2018 Why adaptability and creativity are more important than ever in an age of disruption - The Peak - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 2 April 2018 Ubers sale of Southeast Asia operations to Grab leaves drivers, riders at a loss - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 23 March 2018 The UK and European Union are moving ahead on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 March 2018 Tatler Table: Building Purposeful Businesses Through Innovation - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 March 2018 Open source and Big Data are the backbones of Smart Cities - News Tank Cities - Prof. Yan Li 19 March 2018 French-Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of AI - Enterprise Innovation 18 March 2018 Standing out in a crowd - The Sunday Times 14 March 2018 Mind your business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 13 March 2018 French - Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of human needs amid the rise of AI - NewFotuneTimes.com 12 March 2018 How should Singapore adapt the Goods and Services Tax for the e-commerce era? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 Feb 2018 Italian elections should see a strong voter turnout - CNBC - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 Feb 2018 What does Singapore have to fear from escalating protectionism in the US? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 Feb 2018 Intuition in the age of information - Asian Scientist - Prof. Li Yan 24 Feb 2018 Going places - The Straits Times Beyond A-Levels Feb 2018 Seven reasons for Alibabas ground-breaking success - Retail Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 3 Feb 2018 Best of both worlds -The Straits Times Scholars Choice II 31 Jan 2018 Experience Required: Luxury Marketing for a New Era - The Singapore Marketer - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 23 Jan 2018 The talks to form a German government are welcome, but.... - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 Jan 2018 Much ado about business - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2017 22 December 2017 ESSEC Business School appoints new Dean and President - French Chamber Singapore 22 December 2017 Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi nommé Directeur général de lESSEC - le Petit Journal Singapour 21 December 2017 ESSEC gets new Dean - Astroawani.com 18 December 2017 Imagination as the source of innovation - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 December 2017 Brussels Warned: Eastern EU states will use Brexit to force huge power shift in the EU - Express.co.uk 14 December 2017 Theresa May could soon turn an important corner in Brexit talks - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 November 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the top in the world - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 28 November 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the best in the world - Press Release 01 November 2017 How emotional intelligence impacts salary - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - HRM Asia 25 October 2017 Why Emotional Intelligence is key to emotional success - Business Because 25 October 2017 Build your future with new skills - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Business Times 17 October 2017 The secret to a high salary? Emotional Intelligence - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Guardian 10 October 2017 Will Catalonias Puigdemont stick to his guns? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 5 October 2017 My Teaching Journey - Prof. Mark Christensen - Parents Guide Asia 3 October 2017 ESSEC Business School earns its AMBA accreditation and the "triple crown" - French Chamber Singapore 29 September 2017 Catalonia independence referendum has a strong economic angle - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 September 2017 Many recipes but Singapores cashless still not sated - The Business Times 28 September 2017 The 15 most popular Masters in Finance for getting a job in Singapore banking - eFinancial Careers 13 September 2017 Payment by phone soon as Nets card goes digital - The Straits Times 8 September 2017 Razer keeps promise and submits unified e-payment proposal - The Straits Times 28 August 2017 The biggest sticking point in Brexit negotiations - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 16 August 2017 Enriched by his overseas experience - The Business Times 13 August 2017 Gateway to greater heights - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The Sunday Times 7 August 2017 Taking the pulse of healthcare regulation - AsianScientist 12 July 2017 Has global finance reached its peak? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 2 July 2017 Business matters - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 20 June 2017 Brexit: No total agreement in near future - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 19 June 2017 ESSEC 3rd in the Financial Times 2017 Masters in Finance Ranking - Press Release 19 June 2017 Learning by doing seen in action - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Asiaone 13 June 2017 Switching (career) gears - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Resource Director Online May 2017 A Durable Dollar - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - A Plus - Hong Kong Institute of CPA 29 May 2017 ESSEC Business Schools MSc in Management Ranks 4th in the Inaugural MIM Ranking by The Economist - Press Release May to Oct 2017 Faut-il innover à tout prix? - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal - Singapour 23 May 2017 UKs Theresa May must organize the Brexit divorce - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 8 May 2017 What surprised in the French election - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 2 May 2017 Macron’s gamble may yet backfire on Sunday - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The National (Abu Dhabi) 25 April 2017 Now the real battle for the French presidency begins - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Big News Network.com 13 April 2017 MBA Admissions Guide - The Inside Peek, Part 3 - Postgrad.com 13 April 2017 Is your REIT paying its manager too much? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 7 April 2017 Dividend-focused ASEAN ETF offers high yield with emerging market growth rates - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Edge Singapore 5 April 2017 WhatsApp convoite le marché des paiements en Inde - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Les Echos.fr 27 March 2017 Presidents of Spore, France celebrate close bilateral ties - The Straits Times 8 March 2017 The Cost of the MBA is Putting Women Off Business School - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - Business Because Online 5 March 2017 Interview of Global BBA student Janice Liu-The Sunday Times 25 February 2017 Interview of Associate Academic Director of the Global BBA - Prof. Reetika Gupta - The Straits Times 13 February 2017 The challenge ahead: Ensuring innovation across the economy - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 24 January 2017 Before innovating, one must first imagine - or learn how to - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 18 January 2017 Time to relook monetary policy in Singapore? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 17 January 2017 iMagination Week à l’ESSEC. Penser le futur de la cité avec créativité - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal Singapour 14 January 2017 Governments grapple with globalization backlash - Prof. Radu Vranceanu - The Business Times 14 January 2017 Setting future goals- Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Megan Chong - The Straits Times 10 January 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - Singapore Law Watch 10 January 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 8 January 2017 Nurturing a global mindset - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Sunday Times 5 January 2017 New landscapes being drawn on Singapores innovation canvas - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 3 January 2017 Startups in spotlight last year for driving record venture capital outlay in Spore - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 2016 29 December 2016 Tech advancements will drive business trends in 2017 - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 23 December 2016 Ces mythes, contes et légendes qui nous projettent aujourd’hui dans les fantasmes du passé - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Le Temps 16 December 2016 4 things Spore can do in the face of deglobalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 9 December 2016 Shifting narrative on the rupee demonetisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 7 December 2016 Singapore Business Review honours top leaders and companies at the Management Excellence Awards and Business Rankings Awards - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami and Prof. Jan Ondrus - Singapore Business Review 5 December 2016 Changing times require new tools for risk management - Prof. Marie Kratz and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Asia Insurance Review 2 December 2016 The Big Read: Amber alert as Singapore slips in several world rankings - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Today 29 November 2016 Old-school taxi firms under siege from agile new players - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 25 November 2016 Help those whove lost out from globalisation - The Straits Times 25 November 2016 Stay open, but tweak domestic policies to cope with globalisation: DPM Tharman - Today 25 November 2016 DPM Tharmans 3 ways to save the open economy - The Business Times 25 November 2016 尚达曼:我国应更努力协助遭全球化趋势边缘化群体 - Lianhe Zaobao 25 November 2016 Première édition des Rencontres économiques in Singapore - Lepetitjournal.com 25 November 2016 Help Those Losing Out from Globalisation - REACH Singapore 24 November 2016 Pushing the inclusive prosperity envelope in an age of nativism - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - The Business Times 24 November 2016 Active Public Policies Needed to Help Those Hurt by Global Trade: Tharman - Channel NewsAsia Online 24 November 2016 Spores unique tack on financial globalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 18 November 2016 Earning an MBA: A Game-Changer - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - HR in Asia 17 November 2016 Branching Out: New International Campus Developments - Wonkhe 14 November 2016 HRs to Know: Engaging in Effective C-suite Discussions - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 14 November 2016 纬壹科技城起步谷 明年推出另三厂房 - Lianhe Zaobao 9 November 2016 Driverless taxis: Lessons on innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Enterprise Innovation 9 November 2016 Islamic market offers plethora of opportunities - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 8 November 2016 Entrepreneurship in Focus at LEADCON 2016 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 2 November 2016 ESSEC Business School Tweaks its Global MBA - MBA Today 28 October 2016 ESSEC Business School Renews its Global MBA Program to Create Influential Leaders - HR in Asia 22 October 2016 Travails of inflation-targeting - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Financial Express 21 October 2016 4th Health Policy Decision Makers Forum Asia-Pacific organized by ESSEC Business School in partnership with Peking University - Press Release 14 October 2016 ESSEC Business School renews its Global MBA - Press Release 4 October 2016 本地首位学者出任法国ESSEC亚太校区院长 - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Lianhe Zaobao 30 September 2016 “Organisations in Singapore Place an Informal Emphasis on the Mentor-Mentee Relationship”: Prof Kevyn Yong, ESSEC Asia Pacific - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 16 September 2016 How far should companies go to cater to Muslim travellers? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - TTG Asia 16 September 2016 MPH: Cornerstones of Spores success - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 14 September 2016 ESSEC Business School Asia-Pacific Reinforces Commitment to Regional Education Scene - Press Release 14 August 2016 Taking every opportunity to learn - The Sunday Times 24 July 2016 Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Caitlin Vasseur - The Sunday Times 19 July 2016 The seven reasons for Alibaba’s success - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Retail News Asia 18 July 2016 UK real estate funds: Back to basics - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 12 July 2016 Second Edition of Veolia’s Think Tank Asia Calls on Industry to Create Sustainable Innovation - Press Release 3 July 2016 A catalyst to promote talent - Interview of Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic for the ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific - The Sunday Times 1 July 2016 MAS to clarify use of cloud computing by banks - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - Business Times 1 July 2016 Fintech disruption: It’s the tech giants that should be worried - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 30 June 2016 Singapore Tonight - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 28 June 2016 Why UK voted to leave the EU - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 June 2016 Londons status as Renminbi clearing hub at risk following Brexit: Analysts - Interview with Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - ChannelNewsAsia 21 June 2016 Is enough being done to attract Muslim travellers to Singapore? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Marketing Interactive 20 June 2016 Croesus Retail Trusts internalisation of manager could boost its valuation - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 8 June 2016 ESSEC MBA Students Are At The Forefront Of The Luxury Industry’s Digital Revolution - BusinessBecause.com 2 May 2016 French student creates Chinese language learning platform - CCTV.com 14 April 2016 Chasing After Entrepreneurial Dreams - Mr. Keivin Cheng, ESSEC Global BBA Student - BrightSparks 29 Mar 2016 艺术品金融的财富效益几何？亚洲艺术品金融商学院成立 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Sohu.com 12-13 Mar 2016 Zen of jewellery - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 7 Mar 2016 PwC, ESSEC Business School team to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Enterprise Innovation 6 Mar 2016 Beauty and the East: How China inspired the Art Deco movement - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - SCMP Post Magazine 5 Mar 2016 Interview of ESSEC Global BBA student Mr. Keivin Cheng - The Straits Times 26 Feb 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - French Chamber Singapore 23 Feb 2016 Following a Double Trajectory - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - BizEd Magazine 23 Feb 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Press Release 23 Feb 2016 How to turn counterfeit consumers into real ones - Prof. Anne-Flore Mamam Larraufie - Marketing Interactive 23 Feb 2016 ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA 2015 Cohort graduates today - Press Release 21 Feb 2016 Interview of ESSEC BBA Alumna Ms. Valerie Chan and Prof. Martine Bronner - The Sunday Times 8 Feb 2016 L’ESSEC Asia-Pacific, UN CAMPUS QUI JETTE DES PONTS ENTRE L’ASIE ET L’EUROPE - Prof. Martine Bronner - JournalDesGrandesEcoles.com 5 Feb 2016 The Fight for Islamic Economy Leadership - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Capital Leadership Institute 22 Jan 2016 LVMH preserves, transmits luxury craftsmanship in new ESSEC chair - Luxury Daily 22 Jan 2016 A partnership between the Château de Versailles and ESSEC promoting exceptional savoir-faire - Press Release 13 Jan 2016 Tomorrows business leaders need high ethical standards - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 11 Jan 2016 Deals by Ascendas HTrust, Saizen REIT are harbingers of change for REIT sector - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 6 Jan 2016 iMagination Week at ESSEC Business School, Asia-Pacific - Press Release 2015 17 Dec 2015 Managing risk is about raising societys resilience - Dr. Michel Dacorogna, Prof. Marie Kratz, and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 10 Dec 2015 Fashion houses hiring women CEOs - Prof. Simon Nyeck - The Straits Times 10 Dec 2015 Veolia Water Technologies Hosts First Think Tank Asia - Press Release Dec 2015 디지털 혁명 시대의 럭셔리 브랜드, ‘제왕적 카리스마’ 버리고 ‘소통’ DNA 장착하라 - Mr. Denis Morisset - Dong-A Business Review 18 Nov 2015 Learning business through Asian lens - Business Times Oct-Nov 2015 ESSEC, the prestigious business school remains in the global top 3 best masters in management in 2015 - Newsletter of the French Embassy in Singapore n°2 1 Oct 2015 Is crowdfunding the new venture capitalism or even better? - Prof. Fabrice Cavarretta - The Business Times 29 Sep 2015 Q&A with Professor Jean-Michel Blanquer - HQ Asia 21-27 Sep 2015 Will the China crisis be a trigger for financial innovation? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 17 Sep 2015 Masters Management - HEC et lESSEC à nouveau sur le podium du classement Financial Times - Lepetitjournal.com (in French) 10 Sep 2015 Asking the deeper question - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Headhunt Executive Education Guide 2015 (PDF) 8 Sep 2015 Learning luxury from the masters at ESSEC - PhilippineTatler.com 3 Sep 2015 The impact of smart cities - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 1 Sep 2015 Tools to manage risks from large economies long overdue - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 12 Aug 2015 Public policy and healthcare provision: Virtuous spirals at work - Prof. Gérard de Pouvourville - Enterprise Innovation 4 Aug 2015 JTC LaunchPad@one-north holds inaugural showcase - Channel NewsAsia 23 Jun 2015 Talking Talent with your CEO - HRMAsia 27 May 2015 ESSEC Opens a New Campus in Singapore - MBA Today 23-24 May 2015 The art of widening tastes - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 11 May 2015 New Business Degree - The Edge Singapore 7 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore - French Chamber in Hong Kong 7 May 2015 Another French business school expands in Asia - NIKKEI Asian Review 6 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - AsiaOne.com 6 May 2015 Festival Voilah! - Ouverture en 3D (French) - Le Petit Journal 5 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - The Straits Times 5 May 2015 French business ESSEC opens new campus here - Business Times 5 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - French Chamber Singapore 4 May 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France 法国埃塞克高等商学院 亚太分校本地开幕 - Channel 8 News Online (in Chinese) 4 May 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France - ChannelNewsAsia 4 May 2015 New business degree programme from ESSEC to be available in September - ChannelNewsAsia 4 May 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in Singapore - Singapore Economic Development Board 4 May 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - Press Release 4 Mar 2015 Jean Michel Blanquer - Avec son nouveau campus, l’enjeu pour l’ESSEC est de développer une identité bi-continentale (French) - Le Petit Journal Feb 2015 Why corporate governance matters - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Jan 2015 New ESSEC Business Analytics and Consulting Programme to help bridge IT and Business Gap - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Edge Jan 2015 Insights for Competitive Advantage - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Sunday Times Postgraduate Studies Supplement January 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market中国掀起毕加索热 改写全球艺术市场格局 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post (in Chinese) Jan 2015 Misgivings about Corporate Giving - Prof. Arthur Gautier - The Business Times Jan 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/url-campus-singapour'}, page_content='Campus de Singapour - ESSEC Asie-Pacifique || ESSEC Campus de Singapour ESSEC Asie-PacifiqueCampus de SingapourVisiter le campusInformations pratiquesRevue de presseCampus de SingapourImplanté à Nepal Hill, au cœur de one-north (la "Silicon Valley" de Singapour), lESSEC aspire à devenir le leader dans l’enseignement des affaires dans la région Asie-Pacifique. Fondé en 2005, il sagit du premier campus de lESSEC en dehors de la France. Singapour a été choisi pour sa position stratégique en tant que porte dentrée de lAsie, ainsi que pour son dynamisme notamment dans les domaines de la finance, de la logistique et des technologies de linformation. Le campus est au cœur dune communauté dynamique, en pleine effervescence, composée dinvestisseurs, dinnovateurs, détudiants, de chercheurs et dentreprises de médias. Il accueille des entreprises de R&D, de technologie et de médias de classe mondiale. Des organisations telles que le Centre dinnovation P&G, A*STAR, The Walt Disney Company (Asie du Sud-Est), Canon, Fujitsu Asia, Garena et Ubisoft y sont installées. Lenvironnement stimulant du campus de lESSEC Asie-Pacifique favorise la mise en place de formations pertinentes et de qualité dispensées aux étudiants et aux participants, cette dynamique encourage également les partenariats avec des institutions académiques et des entreprises, et mène à des initiatives de recherche influentes. 12 Salles de classe 19 Salles de travail dédiées aux étudiants et des espaces détude 950 Étudiants formés chaque année 6 500 m² De surface totale Global BBA Le Global BBA est le programme post-bac, en 4 ans de l’ESSEC. Sélectif, dense et exigeant, il prépare au monde des affaires dans des environnements divers et complexes.En savoir plus Grande École / Master in Management Le programme Grande École de l’ESSEC forme la nouvelle génération de dirigeants responsables. La flexibilité unique du modèle pédagogique proposé par l’ESSEC vous permettra de construire votre propre parcours académique.En savoir plus Master in Finance D’une durée de 1 ou 2 ans, et ponctué de nombreuses expériences, le Master in Finance a pour ambition de doter ses étudiants des meilleures compétences analytiques et de capacités d’adaptatEn savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglais MSc in Data Science and Business Analytics Une formation de 1 ou 2 ans qui associe les ressources professorales de l’ESSEC et de CentraleSupélec, avec 3 majeures au choix, pour gagner les compétences analytiques nécessaires aux meilleures carrières comEn savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglais Master in Strategy and Management of International Business Un programme de 1 ou 2 ans, personnalisable en 3 différents “tracks” pour lancer une carrière dans des postes à haute valeur stratégique, en conseil, ou dans le pilotage des transformations digitales.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglaisformation-continue Global MBA Ouvrez les portes de lindustrie de votre choix avec le Global MBA de lESSEC, un programme de 12 mois à temps plein dispensé en France. Les participants sont dotés des compétences spécifiques pour les aider à réussir leur changement de carrière.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglais MSc in Marketing Management and Digital À Singapour tourné vers le marketing numérique et le luxe, pour doter ses étudiants des compétences, connaissances et expériences afin quils s’épanouissent en tant que managers.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglaisformation-continue Programmes sur mesure Co-construisez avec nous un programme sur mesure adapté à votre organisation, prenant en compte vos besoins, objectifs, culture et enjeux de transformation.En savoir plus Certificats et programmes courts Challengez vos acquis et développez votre potentiel avec les formations courtes de l’ESSEC. Découvrez nos certificats et programmes courts (de 2 à 6 jours) couvrant une gamme variée de domaines clés du management pour un perfectionnement rapide et ciblé.En savoir plusformation-continue Executive MBA Les MBA’s de lESSEC sont des programmes de niveau supérieur destiné aux professionnels expérimentés souhaitant acquérir des compétences de gestion avancées pour accélérer leur carrière. Explorez nos Executive MBA en format hybride, modulaire et weekend, à compléter en seulement 18 mois.En savoir plusLESSEC est une école de commerce orientée vers la recherche, dirigée par un corps professoral constitué dexperts influents et reconnus au sein dune communauté internationale, possédant un large éventail de compétences. Les professeurs sont investis dans le partage de leur expertise et contribuent régulièrement à la création de programmes exécutifs, à l’animation de conférences et de forums... Issus des institutions les plus prestigieuses du monde, les professeurs de lESSEC représentent une expertise académique de grande qualité et de renom. Vingt-et-un professeurs permanents sont basés sur le campus Asie-Pacifique. En savoir plus Le campus de lESSEC Asie-Pacifique est implanté à Singapour, une métropole dynamique reconnue pour son environnement urbain, sa diversité culturelle et sa connectivité régionale. Surnommée la "cité-jardin" de lAsie, Singapour offre un paysage urbain verdoyant et une multitude dendroits à découvrir.À proximité du campus de lESSEC, on trouve des centres commerciaux et des zones de restauration animées comme The Star Vista et Timbre+. Singapour possède une scène artistique riche se produisant dans des lieux tels que le Civic District, Clarke Quay, Gardens by the Bay, lEsplanade et les jardins botaniques. Cité-état sûre, dynamique et agréable, Singapour a plusieurs visages et offre de nombreuses expériences, tandis que sa position stratégique en fait une passerelle vers les principaux centres daffaires de lAsie-Pacifique. Inauguré le 4 mai 2015, le campus Asie-Pacifique de lESSEC a été conçu par lancien urbaniste en chef de Singapour et architecte de renom, le Dr Liu Thai Ker, symbolisant la fusion des styles architecturaux européen et asiatique.Le campus a été conçu pour offrir une expérience dapprentissage agréable et propice à l’apprentissage. Avec en toile de fond la verdure de Nepal Park, nos salles de classe, notre cafétéria, nos espaces détude, nos salles de réunion, notre K-lab et la bibliothèque de recherche de pointe de lESSEC offrent des installations de qualité qui offrent une expérience académique dexception. Le Knowledge Lab (K-lab) est un ensemble de ressources, déquipements et de services de pointe destinés à soutenir la communauté de lESSEC. Avec pour objectif principal daméliorer lenseignement et la recherche, le K-lab sengage à fournir et à diffuser du matériel pédagogique, à produire du contenu vidéo, à aider le corps enseignant avec des outils numériques et à mettre en œuvre des approches pédagogiques innovantes afin de créer une expérience académique enrichissante pour tous. En poursuivant sa transformation en un campus respectueux de lenvironnement, lESSEC Asie-Pacifique souhaite ouvrir la voie à un avenir meilleur pour notre monde.De nombreuses initiatives en faveur de l’environnement ont été réalisées sur notre campus Asie-Pacifique, notamment : Linstallation de panneaux solaires capables de produire 41,6 kilowatts délectricité par heure en capacité maximale. Annuellement, ces panneaux devraient générer 3 à 6 % de notre consommation dénergie tout en réduisant considérablement notre empreinte carbone de 15,6 tonnes.Cultiver notre propre jardin comestible sur le toit et fournir des produits biologiques pour notre cafétéria, mais aussi aux étudiants et au personnel. Notre jardin comestible produit plus de 20 variétés de fruits, de légumes et dherbes aromatiquesLinstallation de chargeurs de véhicules électriques (VE) sur notre parking, soutient lacquisition de véhicules électriques de notre communauté.Se rendre sur le campus : 5 Nepal Park Singapour 139408 Google Maps Transports en commun La station MRT la plus proche est la station MRT One-North (CC23), sur la Circle Line. Lorsque vous arrivez à la station one-north MRT, prenez la sortie B et marchez jusquà Nepal Park pour atteindre le campus. Bus : 74, 91, 92, 95, 191, 196, 198 ou 200 Se restaurer sur le campus Services de restauration sur le campus Cafétéria Sodexo, ouverte de 8h00 à 17h00 La cafétéria dispose également de fours à micro-ondes pour réchauffer les repas. Avant larrivée Préparation de votre arrivée Pour préparer une rentrée réussie à Singapour, nous avons compilé une liste sur notre blog. LESSEC APAC sefforce de mettre à jour cette liste dès quil y a des changements dans les politiques gouvernementales ou dinscription. Pour les mises à jour les plus récentes, veuillez consulter les représentants de lécole. Logement à Singapour Un large éventail de logements est disponible, de la chambre individuelle à lappartement public ou privé. Pour en savoir plus sur les possibilités de location et de logement à Singapour, consultez notre blog. LESSEC APAC se fera un plaisir de vous conseiller et de faciliter votre recherche dun logement approprié. 2024 Date Description 18 novembre 2024 Dealing with the pain of workplace conflicts - CNA Work It (Podcast) - Prof. Sam Garg 1 novembre 2024 What the US presidential election means for China and the rest of Asia - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 octobre 2024 New auditing rules finalised as Asia mulls mandatory sustainability assurance - Eco-Business - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 4 octobre 2024 Decoding the rise of the Indian luxury consumer: The playbook for Western luxury brands - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 octobre 2024 How can anti-corruption regulations promote social responsibility? - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 29 septembre 2024 Israel’s killing of Nasrallah: Who could be Hezbollah’s new leader, and how will Iran react? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 septembre 2024 ‘Keen to move forward’: India, China signal thaw in ties with diplomatic, border efforts - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 6 septembre 2024 EU’s carbon tax on China EVs sparks debate on environmental progress, economic burden in Asia - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 septembre 2024 Pressure piles on Israels Netanyahu over Gaza - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 août 2024 To do or not to do: How to frame more ambitious goals so you stick to them - Forbes India - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 août 2024 Key management changes at S’pore digital banks GXS, MariBank may signal strategic shifts ahead - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 août 2024 DBS succession: The end of an era, but incoming CEO Tan Su Shan is poised to run the next lap well - The Straits Times - Prof. Rick Marchese 30 julliet 2024 What does it take to become digitally resilient? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 julliet 2024 Harris Won’t Dump Taiwan. That’s Why China Likes Trump - Bloomberg - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 julliet 2024 ‘It is time for this war to end: Is a Gaza ceasefire in sight after Netanyahu’s US visit? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 julliet 2024 India debates increased Chinese investment: can benefits outweigh geopolitical risks? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 25 julliet 2024 Marketing budget cuts: borrowing from the future to finance the present? - CNA938 - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 22 julliet 2024 Merchants in Singapore offering ‘buy now, pay later’ plans see uplift in sales - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 julliet 2024 How will the demand for passion investments evolve in Singapore? - CNA - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 julliet 2024 India’s Modi expected to curb populist welfare spending in pro-growth budget - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 julliet 2024 Mutual funds vs Exchange Traded Funds for retail investors - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 8 juillet 2024 CNA Explains: Frances election has ended in a hung parliament. What happens next? - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 juillet 2024 Far-right parties unlikely to have a big influence on European policy, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 juin 2024 R.I.C.H: The X factor to make it big in the luxury industry - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 22 juin 2024 EU tariffs on China not a punishment, says German economy minister - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 juin 2024 Customer referencing: Turning the customer into a credible source of value - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 18 juin 2024 S’pore reclaims top spot in world competitiveness ranking after three years - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 juin 2024 Chinas Big Tech companies taught Asia to pay by scanning QR codes, but made a mess along the way - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 juin 2024 G7 Meeting: Leaders in Italy to discuss issues such as Ukraine, China and AI - BBC Business Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 juin 2024 Imposing tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles contradictory to EUs decarbonisation plans: Analyst - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 juin 2024 EU’s move to hit Chinese EV makers with higher tariffs will not affect pricing much: Experts - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 juin 2024 Feminist geopolitics crucial for todays global challenges - Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 10 juin 2024 ESG Roundup: Market Talk - The Wall Street Journal - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 10 juin 2024 Chinese EV manufacturers are now ‘scouting’ the EU, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 juin 2024 China vs. U.S., Zelenskyy appears: 5 takeaways from Shangri-La forum - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 juin 2024 Daily Cuts - Ukraine’s Zelenskyy faces China in a drop-in at the Shangri-La Dialogue - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 mai 2024 How luxury brands are making up for lower Chinese spending - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 mai 2024 理财锦囊：别把今朝当末日 不视消费为救星 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 mai 2024 Chinese President Xi starts state visit to France - CNA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 mai 2024 Eu Yan Sang and the continuing quest to grow Singapore unicorns - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 mai 2024 Corporates amid complexities: Why diverse voices matter more than ever - ETHRWorld - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 7 mai 2024 Why is geopolitics knowledge essential for business leaders? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 avril 2024 Confidence: How it helps to keep the marketing budget healthy and long-term - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 8 avril 2024 Will fresh Middle East tensions blow up risks for small Asian firms? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 avril 2024 Money in the Market: How will Chinas stricter IPO rules affect the stock market? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Rick Marchese 23 mars 2024 India comes for China’s manufacturing crown as supply chains slowly shift - South China Morning Post - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala 21 mars 2024 Euro Watch: What the Kate photo controversy is really about - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 mars 2024 Daily Cuts - European Council summit — responding to ongoing hotspots - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 mars 2024 A Wee matter of succession and continuity at UOB - The Straits Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 17 mars 2024 悉看大势：低调奢华风潮再现 隐形富人穿名牌 不是行家不识货 - Lianhe Zaobao - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 15 mars 2024 HK’s green vision - China Daily - Prof. Ping-Sheng Koh 14 mars 2024 Euro Watch: What can the world expect from six more years of Vladimir Putin? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 mars 2024 How Asian women are challenging bias to carve out entrepreneurial success, from Singapore to India - South China Morning Post - Prof. Julien Salanave 8 mars 2024 Unlocking potential: How international business school helps HR specialist find her voice and purpose - The Business Times - Stephenie Teo - EMBA alumna 7 mars 2024 Firms that peg CEOs’ pay to ESG goals must be clear how it fits with their strategy - The Business Times - Prof. Koh Ping-Sheng 6 mars 2024 US primary elections, Asian companies closely tracking the results - BBC Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 mars 2024 S’pore factory activity falters in février, albeit still in expansion mode - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 février 2024 Euro Watch: Qatar to invest €10bn in France. How will Europes second-biggest economy benefit? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 février 2024 What mai be included in Singapores unemployment benefits for retrenched workers? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 février 2024 Red Sea shipping crisis stokes further inflation fears after Houthi attack - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 février 2024 Investing in sustainability efforts to remain competitive - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 6 février 2024 Avdiivka Is About to Fall - Newsweek - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 février 2024 Money in the marsket: Will Japan’s economic boom sustain? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 janvier 2024 Euro Watch: India rolls out red carpet for Macron. France eyes lucrative trade deals - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 janvier 2024 Asian exporters face more Red Sea risks after US-led attacks on Houthis, alternative route adding to high costs - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 janvier 2024 Daily Cuts - World Economic Forum - Day 1 Wrap & Day 2 Lookahead - CNA (Podcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 janvier 2024 Japan stocks surge to 34-year high, but rally could slow amid expected shift in monetary policy - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 janvier 2024 Euro Watch: Is Germanys economy struggling in 2024? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2023 20 décembre 2023 How will the world economy look in 2024 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 décembre 2023 Red Sea attacks threaten Asia’s holiday food imports, rattle supply chains: ‘stakes are high’ - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic and Prof. Jamus Lim 19 décembre 2023 Kyra Poh, The RecordBreaking Red Bull Skydiving Athlete On Dealing With The Stress Of Success - Tatler Asia - Kyra Poh, GBBA Student 17 décembre 2023 Augustman’s Big Luxury Conversation with Dr. Sonja Prokopec Associate Dean of Faculty, ESSEC Asia-Pacific - aoûtMan - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 7 décembre 2023 Euro Watch: Can EU & Chinese leaders address trade imbalances at EU-China summit 2023? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 décembre 2023 A China rivalry twist emerges in Sri Lanka’s new US-funded, Indian-built port - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 décembre 2023 5 Leadership Lessons From OpenAI’s Week Of Drama - Forbes - Prof. Sam Garg 1 décembre 2023 Oil price decline eases Asia’s inflation fears as Opec production cuts disappoint - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 30 novembre 2023 Euro Watch: How 2,500-year-old Parthenon sculptures sparked a row between UK & Greece - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 30 novembre 2023 The art of premiumisation: What all brands can learn from the luxury sectors - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 27 novembre 2023 Beancounters in popular culture: The story behind the art - Forbes India - Prof. marsk Christensen 23 novembre 2023 Sam Altman returning to OpenAI as CEO - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 novembre 2023 Open AIs Sam Altmans surprise return - CNA938 - Prof. Sam Garg 22 novembre 2023 The relationship between Sam Altman and the OpenAI board is ‘already broken’: Professor - CNBC - Prof. Sam Garg 16 novembre 2023 Euro Watch: David Cameron Makes Shock Return to British Politics. Good or Bad for PM Rishi Sunak? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 novembre 2023 When young workers quit jobs to pursue passion – and parents support them - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 2 novembre 2023 Euro Watch: Will UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunaks AI Summit Be A Success? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 octobre 2023 Euro Watch: Will EU leaders agree on a humanitarian pause in Gaza? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 octobre 2023 Investing in luxury assets can be a way of diversifying your investment portfolio - The Straits Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 octobre 2023 Euro Watch: Economic Ramifications of Hamas-Israel Conflict & EUs Financial Aid to Palestine - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 octobre 2023 Ant, Tencent ride tourism recovery to capture cross-border payments - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 9 octobre 2023 A.I. — An Enabler, Not A Solution - Storm Asia - Prof. Pierre Alquier 7 octobre 2023 Singaporeans and their struggle with the fear of being merely average - The Straits Times - Prof. Sam Garg 3 octobre 2023 China’s Belt and Road Shows the High Price of Beijing’s Money - Bloomberg - Prof. Jamus Lim 28 septembre 2023 Belting out a new tune or going down the same old road? - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 26 septembre 2023 Getting organised for AI - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 25 septembre 2023 China wants the EU to show its independence from the United States, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 septembre 2023 On the global stage, where are all the Singaporean CEOs? - The Straits Times - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala 21 septembre 2023 Euro Watch: From Aid Double Standards to Climate Emergency at UN General Assembly - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 septembre 2023 MariBank raises interest rate on savings account to 2.88% as digital banks seek to draw customers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 septembre 2023 人工智能助力新加坡金融业 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Yan Li 31 août 2023 The Hikikomori Phenomenon - is Information Technology really to blame? - Forbes India - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 août 2023 Myths of strategy: Challenging assumptions and rethinking business - The Business Times - Prof. Jerome Barthelemy 10 août 2023 Euro Watch: China-Russia differences - Is there a turning point for the Ukraine conflict? - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 31 juillet 2023 The promise and peril of artificial intelligence as a general purpose technology - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 26 juillet 2023 Loud is out: how brands can tap into the trend of quiet luxury - Campaign Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 20 juillet 2023 Euro Watch: Coping with Russias pulling out of the Black Sea Grain initiative - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 juillet 2023 Nadellas Microsoft Payouts Top $1 Billion on 1,000% Stock Boom - Bloomberg - Prof. Sam Garg 14 juillet 2023 Under the Radar: An inside look into the private education business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Reetika Gupta 11 juillet 2023 Ukraine’s grain supplies to Asia shrink as ‘lifeline’ Black Sea deal expiry looms - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 juillet 2023 Keeping AI in Check - China Daily - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 juin 2023 Asia Tonight - Channel News Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 juin 2023 Digital banks have to do more to woo customers in Singapore, say analysts - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 22 juin 2023 Euro Watch: Ukraine Recovery Conference pledges billions in aid for war-torn country - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 juin 2023 Young & Savvy: Looking past the glitz of luxury investment - The Straits Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 08 juin 2023 Euro Watch: Why the EU did not flesh out framework to enhance engagement in Asia - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 07 juin 2023 What are the objectives of the war in Ukraine? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 01 juin 2023 Being kind will not diminish your authority, says business school leader - CNBC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 29 mai 2023 Can Singapore’s new crop of digital banks achieve success? - International Banker (Online) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 mai 2023 Singapore expects to avoid recession this year - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 mai 2023 There mai be some "fatigue" about the Russia-Ukraine war in the US - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 mai 2023 How business school-honed soft skills and analytical savvy continue to fuel ICT trailblazers career 28 years on - The Business Times - Mireille (Mimi) Giraud, GBBA alumna 8 mai 2023 A Match Made in Brand Heaven? - Portfolio - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 4 mai 2023 From Hermes lamps to Dior chairs, luxury brands are pushing into furniture and home decor - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 mai 2023 新加坡推进支付融合 - Fortune Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 mai 2023 Narrative reviews: A powerful tool for businesses - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 13 avril 2023 Crisis, crisis, everywhere - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 avril 2023 Effective Leadership in a Crisis - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Sam Garg 29 mars 2023 Success is in the air for these Singapore skydivers - The Straits Times - Kyra Poh, ESSEC GBBA Participant 28 mars 2023 The importance of imagination in todays economy - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 27 mars 2023 Should We Bank On Banks? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 mars 2023 China is Uniting Middle East—Thats Bad News for U.S. - Newsweek Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 mars 2023 Asian central banks face little impact from US, Europe banking crisis -The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 20 mars 2023 ‘There’s a human cost’: Bumpy road ahead for UBS-Credit Suisse marsriage in S’pore - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 mars 2023 Credit Suisse to continue operating without interruption in S’pore following UBS rescue deal: MAS - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 mars 2023 Money Mind 2022/2023 - Bank Run - Channel News Asia - Prof. Rick marsese 16 mars 2023 Luxury leather bags could be your next cash cow - The Business Times - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 mars 2023 SVB collapse: Asian start-ups largely unscathed but US Fed’s rate hikes raise spectre of wider crisis - SCMP - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 mars 2023 Start-ups in Singapore to face more difficulties in fundraising after US bank failures, say experts and VCs - CNA - Prof. Vijay Yadav 13 mars 2023 Supercore inflation: Why the Fed suddenly cares about your barbershop and plumbing bills - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 08 mars 2023 Why is International Women’s Day important? - Tatler Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 07 mars 2023 Generative AI: Friend or foe? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Pierre Alquier 20 février 2023 Brand Purpose and Responsible marsketing walk into a bar. They meet common sense - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 février 2023 From Grab to Ant, Singapores digital bank race picks up pace - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 février 2023 Singapore faces uneven recovery in 2023 with impact of China’s reopening still uncertain - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 12 février 2023 How GST Affects You - Storm Asia - Prof. Rick marsese 9 février 2023 What happens when the guns fall silent? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 9 février 2023 Russia’s war with Ukraine has dragged on for a year. Amid the stalemate, Putin might give peace a chance - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 février 2023 China’s Tencent wants to expand its presence in Singapore — and Chinese tourists are a big reason - CNBC - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 janvier 2023 Foreign university campuses in India: Is the move practical? - Forbes India 25 janvier 2023 Small entities can tackle big challenges - Bangkok Post - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 19 janvier 2023 “Digibank” division Major banks take the lead, Grab also participates (Translated) - Nikkei Financial - Prof. Jan Ondrus 18 janvier 2023 Twitter reverses its 2019 ban on political ads - The Business Times - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 16 janvier 2023 Academic research award: tipping point for action - The Financial Times - Prof Arijit Chatterjee 10 janvier 2023 Snapshots of the global economy going into 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 07 janvier 2023 China’s loss is Southeast Asia’s gain as supply chains shift away to cheaper climes - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 janvier 2023 Asean tech IPO drought likely to remain, startups mai choose M&A instead - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 2022 28 décembre 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - The Business Times - Prof. Julien Salanave 26 décembre 2022 Navigating the perfect marketing storm in 2023 - Forbes India - Prof. Gautam Kiyawat 9 décembre 2022 What Do The Signals Flag For Next Year? - Storm Asia - Prof. Jamus Lim 24 novembre 2022 Keeping the flames of free trade alive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 23 novembre 2022 The long and short of it: What makes CEOs décembreide? - Forbes India - Prof. Tuck-Siong Chung 17 novembre 2022 Realising the metaverse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 7 novembre 2022 Analysts mixed on GDP forecast for 2022 and 2023 after 3Q2022 advance estimates - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 novembre 2022 New buy now, pay later guidelines: S$2,000 cap a good start but not enough, experts say - Channel News Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2 novembre 2022 More safeguards needed for ‘buy now, pay later’ scheme to protect younger consumers - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 31 octobre 2022 décembreonstructing ancient worlds to build our own: The case of education - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 14 octobre 2022 Singaporeans face another year of paying more for goods and services - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 10 octobre 2022 Learning to do business in an uncertain world - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 septembre 2022 Economists split on whether MAS tightening in octobreober will be single or ‘double-barrelled’ move - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 septembre 2022 News from the World of Education - The Hindu - Prof. Reetika Gupta 21 septembre 2022 The return of corporate nationality - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 12 septembre 2022 Business schools steer a difficult course on carbon - Financial Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 septembre 2022 Asia Currencies Outlook - BBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 août 2022 What the world can learn from Southeast Asia innovembreation - Forbes India - Prof. Julien Salanave-Pehe 24 août 2022 Is there any possibility for the rise of "Hikikomori" amid the escalation of virtual interaction? - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 23 août 2022 Mind Your Business: Strategic responses to ‘Grand Challenges’ in the business world - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Arijit Chatterjee 16 août 2022 女性科技市场预计到了2025年 产值能达到13亿美金 - 8World Online - Prof. Li Yan 16 août 2022 Why investors are selling off tech stocks and what’s next - Channel News Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 3 août 2022 Educators on empowering today’s students with the skills to flourish in tomorrow’s world - The Peak - Prof. Jamus Lim 2 août 2022 Crisis in Colombo - Frobes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 juillet 2022 How to engage with the new Asian luxury consumer - WARC - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 24 juin 2022 The effect of Chinas tech crackdown - Forbes India - Prof. Daphne Lui 21 juin 2022 In Malaysia, a big push towards going fully cashless - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 juin 2022 What makes the e-CNY different from bitcoin? - South China Morning Post - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 juin 2022 Column-Crypto crash exposes regulators complacency: McGeever - Reuters - Prof. Jan Ondrus 03 juin 2022 Why education must inculcate passion - The Peak Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 03 juin 2022 Where will Russia’s oil and gas go? - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 26 mai 2022 The risk of delisting for the US listed Chinese ADRs - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 mai 2022 China’s tech industry growth loses steam as Tencent’s depressed earnings show impact of economic slowdown, analysts say - South China Morning Post - Prof. Daphne Liu 16 mai 2022 Retail technology: shaping tomorrow’s stores and shoppers - WARC - Prof. Reetika Gupta 12 mai 2022 \u200bFood Protectionism: Countries Restrict Exports for Security, Control Inflation - The Insider - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 avril 2022 The economic consequences of the war - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 avril 2022 China’s Didi says it won’t list elsewhere until after it leaves NYSE - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Daphne Lui 18 avril 2022 Didi Says It Won’t List Elsewhere Until After It Leaves New York - Caixin Global - Prof. Daphne Lui 11 avril 2022 Why It Matters: Marketing myopia and its implications - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 4 avril 2022 Russian war-crimes in Ukraine - Channel News Asia TV (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 avril 2022 More women find work opportunities amid the pandemic - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2 avril 2022 Behind the metaverse real estate rush - Tech In Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 28 mars 2022 China likely to ease tech crackdown as undue scrutiny hurts economy - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Vijay Yadav 24 mars 2022 Grab, Sea price slump could affect S-E Asian unicorns going public - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 19 mars 2022 Preventing a burnout - My Winet - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 19 mars 2022 Preventing a burnout - The Star - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 18 mars 2022 Infusing Tomorrow’s Leadership With Meaning – An Interview With Vincenzo Vinzi, Dean Of ESSEC Business School - Forbes 8 mars 2022 Asia’s femtech revolution: the quest for better women’s health - Financial Times (Online) - Prof. Yan Li 6 mars 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Viva Online - Prof. Yan Li 3 mars 2022 Is the Ukraine war the start of a new world order? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 mars 2022 Minding the very visible hand of geopolitics in business - Forbes India - Prof. Srividya Jandhyala 3 mars 2022 Asias femtech revolution: The quest for better womens health - Deal Street Asia - Prof. Yan Li 2 mars 2022 Asias femtech revolution: the quest for better womens health - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 1 mars 2022 Words On War — The Battle In Ukraine - Storm Asia- Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 février 2022 ESSEC deans take on the modern MBA - The Straits Times - Dean Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 16 février 2022 Russia - Ukraine Tension - Al Jazeera (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 février 2022 Wed Web Chat - Big Data 101 - Storm Asia - Prof. Yan Li 14 février 2022 How can Ukraine-Russia conflict unfold? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 février 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - Singapore Law Watch - Prof. Jan Ondrus 8 février 2022 MAS orders DBS to set aside S$930m more in regulatory capital after outage - The Business Times (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 février 2022 Not your usual...marketing museums with Asian Civilisations Museum - Marketing Connected - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 1 février 2022 Forging a new economic growth model for India - Forbes India - Prof. Jamus Lim 31 janvier 2022 Strong interest in SGXs first Spacs but still too early to judge performance, say observers - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 28 janvier 2022 Russia - Ukraine Crisis - CNBC (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 janvier 2022 Bank of Singapores Stephenie Teo joins Eastspring Investments as Director, Organisation Development - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 25 janvier 2022 Soul of business: The business of raising money for charity - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 18 janvier 2022 Ride-sharing giant Careem is pushing to reach super-app status - WIRED - Prof. Jan Ondrus 17 janvier 2022 Will it be a bumpy road ahead for femtech in Southeast Asia? - TechWire Asia - Prof. Yan Li 10 janvier 2022 Musings on a brand new year - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 4 janvier 2022 Digital banks seen debuting strongly in 2022, but long and difficult path to profitability - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 2021 22 décembre 2021 Spacs recover momentum, but lose some of their shine - The Straits Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 16 décembre 2021 Commentary: Why workers are seduced by the cult of optimal busyness - Channel News Asia - Prof. Ioana Lupu 16 décembre 2021 The rise of special purpose acquisition (SPACs) - Forbes India - Prof. Vijay Yadav 6 décembre 2021 Are leaders or employees responsible for career growth? - Human Resource Director Magazine (Online) - Stephenie Teo, EMBA Alumna 3 décembre 2021 Singaporean superapp Grab IPOs – badly – and promises to focus on maps and money - The Register - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 décembre 2021 5 Emerging Cities in China Luxury Brands Cannot Overlook - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 26 novembre 2021 See you in the metaverse: How VR and NFTs could transform commerce - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 26 novembre 2021 Weekly Wrap up: DBS suffers worst disruption in a décembreade - the implications - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 novembre 2021 MAS says DBS digital services outage is serious; analysts expect bank to be fined for broad and material impact - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 novembre 2021 Orchard Road blooms with Christmas florals in annual festive light-up - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 11 novembre 2021 When will corporations rule states? - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 novembre 2021 Doubling down on deals: How 11.11 became a double-digit sale phenomenon - The Straits Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chung 10 novembre 2021 Why aren’t many Singaporeans happy at work? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 5 novembre 2021 From identity crisis to embracing my multinational background — here’s how I do it - Today - Alexandre Loo, GBBA alumnus 29 octobre 2021 Singapores labour marsket on the upswing as it gradually reopens borders: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 octobre 2021 Asias ESG talent crunch - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 29 octobre 2021 Why the future belongs to gymnastic enterprises - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 octobre 2021 Diversification away from Taiwan chipmakers is necessary - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 18 octobre 2021 Blending purpose and profit - The Business Times Views from the top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 15 octobre 2021 Smaller negative output gap likely by 2022 - The Business TImes - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 octobre 2021 Singapores output gap tipped to close earliest by mid-2022 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 octobre 2021 Q3 GDP growth skids to 6.5% in absence of circuit breaker effect in Q2 - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 octobre 2021 Learn beyond your job scope to be future-ready - People Matters Global - Stephenie Teo, Alumna, EMBA APAC 29 septembre 2021 IMDAs ruling on StarHub-MyRepublic deal will signal regulator tolerance for consolidation - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 22 septembre 2021 Game of alliances between China and the US after Afghanistan chapter - Forbes India - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 septembre 2021 Meet the founder of your watch collector’s favourite accessories shop - The Peak Singapore - Mouna Nassier 2 septembre 2021 How the world became dangerous again - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 septembre 2021 As more investors start young, experts urge platforms to promote healthy trading - Channel News Asia (Online) - Prof. Vijay Yadav 31 août 2021 Sonja Prokopec, LVMH chaired professor of marsketing at ESSEC Business School - Robb Report Singapore 31 août 2021 Telcos, solutions providers tipped to join hands for 5G era - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 août 2021 Spirituality and Confucianism to embrace a better future of innovembreation - Forbes India - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 août 2021 Analysts keep 2021 GDP estimates unchanged even after increase in official GDP forecast - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 août 2021 Singapore plays catch-up with Taiwan as chip investments soar - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Yan Li 6 août 2021 Analysts expect Keppel Corp to monetise SPHs non-core assets; acquisition expected to be EPS accretive - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Daphne Lui 31 juillet 2021 Green Bonds, Shareholder Activism, and the Importance of ESG Investing - TransFin - Prof. Vijay Yadav 30 juillet 2021 Understanding diversity within Muslim marsket vital in business expansion planning - New Straits Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 24 juillet 2021 Femtech: More than periods and pregnancy - The Business Times - Prof. Yan Li 15 juillet 2021 Prioritising femtech in Southeast Asia: Opportunities and challenges - Forbes India - Prof. Yan Li 15 juillet 2021 Carro and Carsome: Valuations run fast and furious, but true test lies in fintech - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Siong Chun 14 juillet 2021 Singapores Fashion and Museum Industry [Broadcast] - CNA938 - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 13 juillet 2021 Q2 GDP mai dip from Q1 but recovery still on track: economists - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 juillet 2021 Can Singapore survive a global minimum tax? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 juillet 2021 The case for a global minimum tax - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 juillet 2021 Luxury should be Exquisite, not Exclusive - The Storm Asia - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 6 juillet 2021 Investors mai adjust China risk appetite after Didi crackdown - The Business Times - Prof. Daphne Lui 1 juillet 2021 Sun Tzu and the US-China war games - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 juin 2021 Will Southeast Asia be a leader in Islamic marsketing - The Halal Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 18 juin 2021 Why Southeast Asia will be the leader in Islamic marsketing - Marketing Interactive - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 juin 2021 Targeting groups can boost retail sales in Singapore - The Business Times - Prof. Reetika Gupta 15 juin 2021 Doing good while doing well: The case of business IT initiatives - Forbes India - Prof. Li Yan 7 juin 2021 Biden, vaccine diplomacy and responsible innovembreation: time to quell our egos? - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 1 juin 2021 Geopolitical landscape and geopolitical issues in Asia - Bloomberg Radio (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 mai 2021 The relationship between gender, mentoring and career success - MoneyFM 89.3 (Broadcast) - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 25 mai 2021 Singapore economy grows 1.3% in Q1 but no change to GDP forecast for 2021 - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 mai 2021 Singapores 1Q21 GDP "pleasant surprise"; economist mostly keep 2021 GDP growth forecast between 5.5 % to 8% - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 25 mai 2021 Singapore Q1 GDPs upside surprise muted by Covid-19 resurgence, outlook to remain - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 05 mai 2021 marsketing and Artificial Intelligence: Pitfalls and Possibilities - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Arnaud De Bryun 14 avril 2021 Impact on social cohesiveness on ones shopping habits - CNA938 (Radio) - Prof. Reetika Gupta 14 avril 2021 TEDx 2021: How can we reconcile progress and sustainability? - Eco-Business 30 mars 2021 Can we develop innovembreative and responsible social networks? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 mars 2021 When feeling guilty and regretful can boost our goal-achievement rate - Digicon Asia- Prof. Sonja Prokopec 12 mars 2021 Chinas journey to join the CPTPP will be closely watched - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 février 2021 Singapore taxi giant challenges Grab with ride-hailing trial - Nikkei Asia - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 janvier 2021 Singapore - 10th edition of iMagination Week at ESSEC - Le Petit Journal, Singapore - Prof. Xavier Pavie 2020 24 décembre 2020 From bipolarisation to bifurcation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala 24 décembre 2020 New Cold War, or new frontlines? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 décembre 2020 Secure ecosystem is key in fast payment access for non-bank e-wallet players - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 30 novembre 2020 Weekly Money FM Podcasts: What businesses can do for sustainability - The Straits Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 25 novembre 2020 Rethinking innovation in a post-pandemic world - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 24 novembre 2020 The need to re-think innovation in a post-pandemic world - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 18 novembre 2020 Seven reasons for Alibabas success - Digital Commerce 360 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 9 novembre 2020 Why is responsible innovation all the more important in the 21st century and is there a business case for it? - CNA938 [Facebook] - Prof. Xavier Pavie 7 novembre 2020 Pay later, not never: What buy now, pay later spells for consumer debt and the easy credit business model - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 6 novembre 2020 Responsible Innovation (Broadcast) - CNA938 Money Mind - Prof. Xavier Pavie 30 octobre 2020 US under Trump: Diminished or unambiguously worse - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 octobre 2020 U.K Says No To More BREXIT Trade Talks with EU - CNBC Asia (Broadcast) - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 septembre 2020 Safeguards to prevent abuse of tourism voucher scheme - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 10 septembre 2020 Radio Interview on the Escalating US-China Tension - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 août 2020 Take your experience further - Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 juillet 2020 Escalating tensions between the US and China - CNA938 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 3 juillet 2020 The Textile and Fashion Federation Welcomes New President and Members of Council - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 3 juillet 2020 Wirecard scandal puts audit firms, not fintechs, in hot seat - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 juin 2020 How to build a stronger business magnet - The Business Times Views From The Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 24 juin 2020 Is Now the Right Time to Study an Executive MBA? - QS Top MBA - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 juin 2020 Personal Finance in the age of social media - The Business Times - Prof. Tuck Chung 28 mai 2020 The battle between niche and accessible luxury brands for young Chinese Consumer begins - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 8 mai 2020 Reopening Singapore Inc a balancing act - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala 8 mai 2020 Countries in the Middle East are easing coronavirus restrictions. Heres what experts have to say - CNBC Online - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 mai 2020 The Pros and Cons of Flash Sales in China - Jing Daily - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 5 mai 2020 Robo-advisers hold steady as COVID-19 presents first big test - The Business Times - Prof. Vijay Yadav 4 mai 2020 Coronavirus: China wins the battle but can lose the war - La Tribune - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 28 avril 2020 Onine MBA programmes emerge as pandemic prompts temporary closure - Singapore Business Review 28 avril 2020 Strategies towards impactful corporate philanthropy in the 2020s - Green Pulse - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 24 avril 2020 Prepping Spore firms for life after COVID-19 - The Business Times - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 17 avril 2020 Business-government relations in a time of coronavirus - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala & Prof. Jamus Lim 16 avril 2020 The political game of CEOs: How to play it right - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Cedomir Nestoroic 8 avril 2020 Macroview on the impact of COVID-19 on Geopolitics - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 avril 2020 What Philosophy teaches us about the Coronavirus Pandemic - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 mars 2020 Why firms internal processes mai determine the business impact of COVID-19 - Singapore Business Review - Prof. Srividya janvierdhyala 19 mars 2020 Xavier Pavie, Philosophie critique de l’innovation et de l’innovateur - Le Petit Journal - Prof. Xavier Pavie mars 2020 How are educators dealing with the new coronavirus? - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 1 mars 2020 The coronavirus problem is worse in Iran than it is in Italy - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 février 2020 Put on your thinking cap - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 21 février 2020 Budget moves prioritise viable firms for a reason - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 20 février 2020 Budget 2020s short-term stimulus could be smaller than it seems - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 18 février 2020 4th Edition of Luxury Symposium - Retail in Asia 10 février 2020 Have multi-currency account, will travel?: How far will new multi-currency players go in the payments game? - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 1 février 2020 Developing a global mindset - The Straits Times 23 janvier 2020 Singapore fares well in health and education on global social mobility index - The Straits Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 13 janvier 2020 Trumps support for Irans protesters could actually be worse for them, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 06 janvier 2020 Singapore charts path on green finance - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 2019 12 décembre 2019 Dont think Labour will have any great achievement in the UK Election - CNBC Broadcast - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 décembre 2019 Responsible Innovation: Why sustainability and eco-mindsets matter - DigiCon Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 22 novembre 2019 Singapores Green Finance Ecosystem - CNA938 Radio - Prof. Jamus Lim 22 novembre 2019 Empowering Sustainability through innovation - Asia Pacific Biotech News 21 novembre 2019 Firms should leverage EU - Singapore FTA Perks - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 6 novembre 2019 Why luxury brands like Christian Dior have a strong DNA - The Drum - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 14 octobre 2019 ESSEC Business School Programs Ranked Top Three Worldwide: QS 2020 - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 10 octobre 2019 Russia has been consistent in Syria - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 octobre 2019 HRM FIVE: Why emotional intelligence is a vital metric for hirers - HRM Asia - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 16 septembre 2019 A look at the geography of the attacks on Saudis oilfield - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 septembre 2019 A*STAR, JTC and Science Centre Singapore organise one-north Festival 2019 - Biospectrum Asia 13 septembre 2019 The One-North Festival Opens With A Focus on Sustainability - The Straits Times 24 août 2019 Back to school: Is the Singapore Global Schoolhouse Back in Business? - The Business Times - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 12 août 2019 CHEXIT: China might just exit the multilateral order, if the US pushes it too hard - South China Morning Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestotovic 4 août 2019 Doubling her success - The Sunday Times - Mrs. Carisa Mann, EMBA Alumna 24 juillet 2019 A no-deal BREXIT may be the most realistic scenario - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 juillet 2019 Walking the tech talk - The Sunday Times - Mo Dirani, GMBA Alumni 4 juillet 2019 We are used to having drama over top EU job nominations - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 juin 2019 Does Chinas Embrace of the Circular Economy may set an example for the west - Green in Future - Prof. Xavier Pavie 26 juin 2019 Trumps trade war and the clash of civilisations - ASEAN Today - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 juin 2019 Boris Johnson has good chances with the members of the party - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 juin 2019 Transforming the Singapore retail Experience - Future IoT - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 mai 2019 Issues at European election include nationalism and immigration - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 13 mai 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - SGSME - Prof. Jan Ondrus 13 mai 2019 Honestbee can fly high again: Analysts - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 mai 2019 Meat alternatives with a bite - The Straits Times - ESSEC Business School 7 mai 2019 Beyond 2030 - The Journal [ACCJ] - Prof. Kevyn Yong 6 mai 2019 Workforce of the future - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 3 mai 2019 Honestbee CEO replaced; firm said to be sticking to habitat growth - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 29 avril 2019 Global Strategist Parag Khanna On Why Hes Bullish About Asia - Singapore Tatler - The ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific 23 avril 2019 Jewel: Just one facet of growth - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 17 avril 2019 Grab Food may be secret sauce for tasty margins - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 9 avril 2019 A plan for the Singapore of tomorrow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 3 avril 2019 Ubers Singapore hub a signal more will follow - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 avril 2019 Huawei: A victim or a cause of the divide between the west and China? - Financial Director - Prof. Yan Li and Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 27 mars 2019 The 25 best MBA programs in the world for ambitious entrepreneurs - Business Insider Singapore 24 mars 2019 Not all business as usual as Thailand finally heads to the poll - The Edge - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 22 mars 2019 Econ 4.0: How agile are you? - The Edge Markets - Prof. Kevyn Yong 20 mars 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The World News - Prof. Jan Ondrus 20 mars 2019 Grab woos small businesses with suite of financial services - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 mars 2019 BREXIT will become even more messier, analyst says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 mars 2019 The 20 Best Business Schools For Women In 2019 - Business Because 26 février 2019 Trump, Kim must announce something substantial - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 février 2019 Going Global - The Straits Times Sweet Spot Education - Prof. Reetika Gupta 16 février 2019 Cisco invests S$25m in cybersecurity centre and first S-E Asian co-innovation hub in Spore - The Business Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 11 février 2019 GrabFood turns kitchen heat up a notch by going onto main menu - The Business Times - Prof. Jamus Lim 8 février 2019 How much value can creativity bring to the business? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 janvier 2019 Geopolitics: MBAs evolve to help students navigate global chaos - The Financial Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 21 janvier 2019 UK general election more likely than second BREXIT referendum - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 16 janvier 2019 From Carlos-san to Ghosn yougisha (suspects) - Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 15 janvier 2019 Whats next after the rejection of Theresa Mays "BREXIT" agreement? - Metro Mexico - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 11 janvier 2019 Why is Singapore unafraid of slower growth globally? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 11 janvier 2019 A Global Perspective- The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 janvier 2019 Ghosn saga a lesson for everyone at the helm - The Business Times - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 janvier 2019 Europe-building is OVER Business analyst reveals WHY 2019 will DOOM Junckers EU dream - The New York Times Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 janvier 2019 EU fears parliament election more than BREXIT claims Professor - The Express UK - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2 janvier 2019 EU elections in mai 2019 are a big concern - Yahoo Finance - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 janvier 2019 EU elections in mai 2019 are a big concern - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 2018 18 décembre 2018 Tour Versailles in Singapore - The Straits Times 24 décembre 2018 Shopping, interrupted - The Edge Singapore (Print) - Prof. Jan Ondrus 14 décembre 2018 Masters and MBA Inside Peek - Postgrad.com - Prof. Xavier Pavie 12 décembre 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavorable position - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 12 décembre 2018 UK Leader May is in a very unfavourable position - Yahoo News Singapore - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 décembre 2018 Why are more people from the APAC applying for MBAs? - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Vincenzo Vinzi 19 novembre 2018 Mind the financial gaps - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 19 novembre 2018 Finding Fintechs purpose - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jan Ondrus 12 novembre 2018 Fostering closer relations: China to tap potential in trade and investment with ASEAN and Singapore - China Daily - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 5 novembre 2018 ASEAN fund passporting initiative good for branding, but more cooperation needed - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 1 novembre 2018 How to put innovation into action? - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 23 octobre 2018 Leveraging artificial intelligence for enterprise innovation - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Kevyn Yong 22 octobre 2018 Searching for Gold in the Silver Economy - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 15 octobre 2018 From Scores to Skills - The Business Times Views from the Top - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 10 octobre 2018 Helping AI Embrace Empathy - Asian Scientist 3 octobre 2018 There are now higher chances for a second referendum on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 25 septembre 2018 How to put innovation into action: Xavier Pavie of ESSEC explains - FOCUS Magazine - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 20 septembre 2018 Confident there will be a BREXIT deal, professor says - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 17 septembre 2018 SIGEF 2018: Building a sustainable, inclusive future - The Online Citizen 8 septembre 2018 Degree in Disruption: Executive MBAs take a tech turn - Japan Today - Prof. Jan Ondrus 4 septembre 2018 Degree in Disruption - The ACCJ Journal - Prof. Jan Ondrus 3 septembre 2018 Why the US runs current account deficits - The EDGE Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 août 2018 Tiffany Paper Flowers x Generation T - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 21 août 2018 Can these ambitious marketing students prove their degree was worth it? - Campaign Asia 20 août 2018 ESSEC and A*STAR collaborate to host science communications competition at one-north Festival - French Chamber Singapore 19 août 2018 5 Minutes with ESSEC Business School - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Singapore Tatler 9 août 2018 Geopolitics primer for Managers - The Bangkok Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 8 août 2018 Why managers should learn about Geopolitics - The Jakarta Post - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 août 2018 Is a marketing degree really necessary? - CampaignAsia.com 6 août 2018 Future Economy Deepens on Tech Experimentation - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 août 2018 EZ - Link plans to turn cards into e-wallets with digital push - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 juillet 2018 France and Singapore deepen innovation and research cooperation - Embassy of France in Singapore 18 juillet 2018 Singapore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - The Straits Times 16 juillet 2018 Nothing spectacular is expected from the EU - China summit - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 14 juillet 2018 在人工智能等领域合作 新法数机构交换多项备忘录 - Lianhe Zaobao 14 juillet 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - Asia News Network 14 juillet 2018 Singapore should plug into innovation networks: Chan Chun Sing - The Straits Times 13 juillet 2018 Singapore and France ink deal for startups - Singapore Business Review 13 juillet 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 juillet 2018 MoU signed to help Singapore, French enterprises connect, innovate - SG.SME.SG 13 juillet 2018 Spore, France sign three deals to deepen economic and innovation linkages - The Straits Times 13 juillet 2018 MoUs signed to help Singapore, French enterprises innovate - The Business Times 13 juillet 2018 More tie-ups to help Singapore, French enterprises, connect, innovate - The Straits Times 13 juillet 2018 Spore could explore housing regulators, start-ups under one roof: Chan Chun Sing - TODAY ONLINE 13 juillet 2018 ESSEC Business School to help connect Singapore startups, networks with counterparts in France - The Business Times 2 juillet 2018 Using less cash - The Business Times, Views from the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 2 juillet 2018 "Radical Changes" in German politics are unexpected - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 1 juillet 2018 Smoother Delivery - The Sunday Times Postgrad Studies II - Mr. Ivan Fernandez 28 juin 2018 ESSEC & Singapores Supply Chain and Logistics Academy Announce MoU to improve logistics capabilities of local SMEs - The French Chamber of Commerce Singapore 21 juin 2018 Customer can tap PayNow to pay bills, receive money from companies from Aug 13 - TODAYonline - Prof. Kevyn Yong 8 juin 2018 There is an "asymmetric situation between China and Russia" - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 7 juin 2018 Innovating in a service-driven economy: How business models are evolving? - FOCUS Magazine - Prof. Xavier Pavie 6 juin 2018 Advisory council on ethical use of AI to be set up - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 4 juin 2018 Education arms race fuelling inequality; solution to improve income alongside access - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 29 mai 2018 Bid to enable public transit payments via GrabPay - The Straits Times - Prof. Jan Ondrus 25 mai 2018 France - SG think-tank releases 2018 report highlighting human needs amid the rise of AI - Enterprise Innovation 24 mai 2018 Italys new government has some "maneuver room" on policies - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 mai 2018 Is Asian leadership a default concept? - Faculti.net - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 23 mai 2018 Wooing China with online buzz at Cannes - The Straits Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 21 mai 2018 LOreal cakes on Cannes digital gloss because Chinas worth it - The Business Times - Prof. Delphine Dion 17 mai 2018 Responsible Innovation - Faculti.net - Prof. Xavier Pavie 10 mai 2018 Mind Your Business - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 5 mai 2018 The Big Read: The Rise of AI, and how lives will be forever changed - TODAY - Prof. Kevyn Yong 3 mai 2018 Career 360 - MoneyFM 89.3 - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 30 avril 2018 Wooing and retaining talent - The Business Times Views form the Top - Prof. Kevyn Yong 17 avril 2018 Re-designing education through imagination - Enterprise Innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 avril 2018 Dual-class shares controversial but evidence of dangers still limited - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 14 avril 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - SGSME.SG 14 avril 2018 Chaos is also needed to build a Smart Nation - The Business Times 12 avril 2018 Re-designing education through imagination 12 avril 2018 UOBs Finlab to help SMEs with digital transformation- The Edge Singapore 12 avril 2018 7 Local businesses selected for SME accelerator programme in Singapore - SGSME.SG 12 avril 2018 Luxurys happy problem: what to do with 17.4 B euros in cash - The Business Times - Prof. Ashok Som 11 avril 2018 Hossan Leongs Top 3 Picks For Voilah! 2018 - 8 Days Singapore 7 avril 2018 Why adaptability and creativity are more important than ever in an age of disruption - The Peak - Prof. Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi 2 avril 2018 Ubers sale of Southeast Asia operations to Grab leaves drivers, riders at a loss - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Ping Sheng Koh 23 mars 2018 The UK and European Union are moving ahead on BREXIT - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 20 mars 2018 Tatler Table: Building Purposeful Businesses Through Innovation - Singapore Tatler - Prof. Jan Ondrus 19 mars 2018 Open source and Big Data are the backbones of Smart Cities - News Tank Cities - Prof. Yan Li 19 mars 2018 French-Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of AI - Enterprise Innovation 18 mars 2018 Standing out in a crowd - The Sunday Times 14 mars 2018 Mind your business - Money FM 89.3 - Prof. Kevyn Yong 13 mars 2018 French - Singaporean think tank launched to improve understanding of human needs amid the rise of AI - NewFotuneTimes.com 12 mars 2018 How should Singapore adapt the Goods and Services Tax for the e-commerce era? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Jamus Lim 27 février 2018 Italian elections should see a strong voter turnout - CNBC - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 février 2018 What does Singapore have to fear from escalating protectionism in the US? - The Edge Singapore - Prof. Cédomir Nestorovic 26 février 2018 Intuition in the age of information - Asian Scientist - Prof. Li Yan 24 février 2018 Going places - The Straits Times Beyond A-Levels février 2018 Seven reasons for Alibabas ground-breaking success - Retail Asia - Prof. Xavier Pavie 3 février 2018 Best of both worlds -The Straits Times Scholars Choice II 31 janvier 2018 Experience Required: Luxury Marketing for a New Era - The Singapore Marketer - Prof. Sonja Prokopec 23 janvier 2018 The talks to form a German government are welcome, but.... - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 4 janvier 2018 Much ado about business - The Straits Times - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami 2017 22 décembre 2017 ESSEC Business School appoints new Dean and President - French Chamber Singapore 22 décembre 2017 Vincenzo Esposito Vinzi nommé Directeur général de lESSEC - le Petit Journal Singapour 21 décembre 2017 ESSEC gets new Dean - Astroawani.com 18 décembre 2017 Imagination as the source of innovation - BBN Times - Prof. Xavier Pavie 15 décembre 2017 Brussels Warned: Eastern EU states will use Brexit to force huge power shift in the EU - Express.co.uk 14 décembre 2017 Theresa May could soon turn an important corner in Brexit talks - CNBC - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic 29 novembre 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the top in the world - The French Chamber of Commerce in Singapore 28 novembre 2017 The QS World University Rankings names three ESSEC programs among the best in the world - Press Release 01 novembre 2017 How emotional intelligence impacts salary - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - HRM Asia 25 octobre 2017 Why Emotional Intelligence is key to emotional success - Business Because 25 octobre 2017 Build your future with new skills - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Business Times 17 octobre 2017 The secret to a high salary? Emotional Intelligence - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Guardian 10 octobre 2017 Will Catalonias Puigdemont stick to his guns? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 5 octobre 2017 My Teaching Journey - Prof. Mark Christensen - Parents Guide Asia 3 octobre 2017 ESSEC Business School earns its AMBA accreditation and the "triple crown" - French Chamber Singapore 29 septembre 2017 Catalonia independence referendum has a strong economic angle - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 septembre 2017 Many recipes but Singapores cashless still not sated - The Business Times 28 septembre 2017 The 15 most popular Masters in Finance for getting a job in Singapore banking - eFinancial Careers 13 septembre 2017 Payment by phone soon as Nets card goes digital - The Straits Times 8 septembre 2017 Razer keeps promise and submits unified e-payment proposal - The Straits Times 28 août 2017 The biggest sticking point in Brexit negotiations - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 16 août 2017 Enriched by his overseas experience - The Business Times 13 août 2017 Gateway to greater heights - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The Sunday Times 7 août 2017 Taking the pulse of healthcare regulation - AsianScientist 12 juillet 2017 Has global finance reached its peak? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 2 juillet 2017 Business matters - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 20 juin 2017 Brexit: No total agreement in near future - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 19 juin 2017 ESSEC 3rd in the Financial Times 2017 Masters in Finance Ranking - Press Release 19 juin 2017 Learning by doing seen in action - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Asiaone 13 juin 2017 Switching (career) gears - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Resource Director Online mai 2017 A Durable Dollar - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - A Plus - Hong Kong Institute of CPA 29 mai 2017 ESSEC Business Schools MSc in Management Ranks 4th in the Inaugural MIM Ranking by The Economist - Press Release mai à octobre 2017 Faut-il innover à tout prix? - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal - Singapour 23 mai 2017 UKs Theresa May must organize the Brexit divorce - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 8 mai 2017 What surprised in the French election - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 2 mai 2017 Macron’s gamble may yet backfire on Sunday - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - The National (Abu Dhabi) 25 avril 2017 Now the real battle for the French presidency begins - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Big News Network.com 13 avril 2017 Is your REIT paying its manager too much? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 7 avril 2017 Dividend-focused ASEAN ETF offers high yield with emerging market growth rates - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Edge Singapore 5 avril 2017 WhatsApp convoite le marché des paiements en Inde - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Les Echos.fr 27 mars 2017 Presidents of Spore, France celebrate close bilateral ties - The Straits Times 8 mars 2017 The Cost of the MBA is Putting Women Off Business School - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - Business Because Online 5 mars 2017 Interview of Global BBA student Janice Liu-The Sunday Times 25 février 2017 Interview of Associate Academic Director of the Global BBA - Prof. Reetika Gupta - The Straits Times 13 février 2017 The challenge ahead: Ensuring innovation across the economy - Prof. Kevyn Yong - The Straits Times 24 janvier 2017 Before innovating, one must first imagine - or learn how to - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 18 janvier 2017 Time to relook monetary policy in Singapore? - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 17 janvier 2017 iMagination Week à l’ESSEC. Penser le futur de la cité avec créativité - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Le Petit Journal Singapour 14 janvier 2017 Governments grapple with globalization backlash - Prof. Radu Vranceanu - The Business Times 14 janvier 2017 Setting future goals- Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Megan Chong - The Straits Times 10 janvier 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - Singapore Law Watch 10 janvier 2017 Revisiting the Spore-India Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 8 janvier 2017 Nurturing a global mindset - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami - The Sunday Times 5 janvier 2017 New landscapes being drawn on Singapores innovation canvas - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 3 janvier 2017 Startups in spotlight last year for driving record venture capital outlay in Spore - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 2016 29 décembre 2016 Tech advancements will drive business trends in 2017 - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 23 décembre 2016 Ces mythes, contes et légendes qui nous projettent aujourd’hui dans les fantasmes du passé - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Le Temps 16 décembre 2016 4 things Spore can do in the face of deglobalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 9 décembre 2016 Shifting narrative on the rupee demonetisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 7 décembre 2016 Singapore Business Review honours top leaders and companies at the Management Excellence Awards and Business Rankings Awards - Prof. Aarti Ramaswami and Prof. Jan Ondrus - Singapore Business Review 5 décembre 2016 Changing times require new tools for risk management - Prof. Marie Kratz and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Asia Insurance Review 2 décembre 2016 The Big Read: Amber alert as Singapore slips in several world rankings - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Today 29 novembre 2016 Old-school taxi firms under siege from agile new players - Prof. Xavier Pavie - The Business Times 25 novembre 2016 Help those whove lost out from globalisation - The Straits Times 25 novembre 2016 Stay open, but tweak domestic policies to cope with globalisation: DPM Tharman - Today 25 novembre 2016 DPM Tharmans 3 ways to save the open economy - The Business Times 25 novembre 2016 尚达曼:我国应更努力协助遭全球化趋势边缘化群体 - Lianhe Zaobao 25 novembre 2016 Première édition des Rencontres économiques in Singapore - Lepetitjournal.com 25 novembre 2016 Help Those Losing Out from Globalisation - REACH Singapore 24 novembre 2016 Pushing the inclusive prosperity envelope in an age of nativism - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - The Business Times 24 novembre 2016 Active Public Policies Needed to Help Those Hurt by Global Trade: Tharman - Channel NewsAsia Online 24 novembre 2016 Spores unique tack on financial globalisation - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 18 novembre 2016 Earning an MBA: A Game-Changer - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - HR in Asia 17 novembre 2016 Branching Out: New International Campus Developments - Wonkhe 14 novembre 2016 HRs to Know: Engaging in Effective C-suite Discussions - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 14 novembre 2016 纬壹科技城起步谷 明年推出另三厂房 - Lianhe Zaobao 9 novembre 2016 Driverless taxis: Lessons on innovation - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Enterprise Innovation 9 novembre 2016 Islamic market offers plethora of opportunities - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 8 novembre 2016 Entrepreneurship in Focus at LEADCON 2016 - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Borneo Bulletin 2 novembre 2016 ESSEC Business School Tweaks its Global MBA - MBA Today 28 octobre 2016 ESSEC Business School Renews its Global MBA Program to Create Influential Leaders - HR in Asia 22 octobre 2016 Travails of inflation-targeting - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Financial Express 21 octobre 2016 4th Health Policy Decision Makers Forum Asia-Pacific organized by ESSEC Business School in partnership with Peking University - Press Release 14 octobre 2016 ESSEC Business School renews its Global MBA - Press Release 4 octobre 2016 本地首位学者出任法国ESSEC亚太校区院长 - Prof. Kevyn Yong - Lianhe Zaobao 30 septembre 2016 “Organisations in Singapore Place an Informal Emphasis on the Mentor-Mentee Relationship”: Prof Kevyn Yong, ESSEC Asia Pacific - Prof. Kevyn Yong - HR in Asia 16 septembre 2016 How far should companies go to cater to Muslim travellers? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - TTG Asia 16 septembre 2016 MPH: Cornerstones of Spores success - Prof. Ramkishen Rajan - The Business Times 14 septembre 2016 ESSEC Business School Asia-Pacific Reinforces Commitment to Regional Education Scene - Press Release 14 août 2016 Taking every opportunity to learn - The Sunday Times 24 juillet 2016 Interview with ESSEC Global BBA student Caitlin Vasseur - The Sunday Times 19 juillet 2016 The seven reasons for Alibaba’s success - Prof. Xavier Pavie - Retail News Asia 18 juillet 2016 UK real estate funds: Back to basics - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 12 juillet 2016 Second Edition of Veolia’s Think Tank Asia Calls on Industry to Create Sustainable Innovation - Press Release 3 juillet 2016 A catalyst to promote talent - Interview of Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic for the ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA Asia-Pacific - The Sunday Times 1 juillet 2016 MAS to clarify use of cloud computing by banks - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - Business Times 1 juillet 2016 Fintech disruption: It’s the tech giants that should be worried - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 30 juin 2016 Singapore Tonight - Coverage of the ESSEC Roundtable on "Innovative Disruption and Value Creation of Fintech" - ChannelNewsAsia 28 juin 2016 Why UK voted to leave the EU - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - CNBC 28 juin 2016 Londons status as Renminbi clearing hub at risk following Brexit: Analysts - Interview with Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - ChannelNewsAsia 21 juin 2016 Is enough being done to attract Muslim travellers to Singapore? - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Marketing Interactive 20 juin 2016 Croesus Retail Trusts internalisation of manager could boost its valuation - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 8 juin 2016 ESSEC MBA Students Are At The Forefront Of The Luxury Industry’s Digital Revolution - BusinessBecause.com 2 mai 2016 French student creates Chinese language learning platform - CCTV.com 14 avril 2016 Chasing After Entrepreneurial Dreams - Mr. Keivin Cheng, ESSEC Global BBA Student - BrightSparks 29 mars 2016 艺术品金融的财富效益几何？亚洲艺术品金融商学院成立 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Sohu.com 12-13 mars 2016 Zen of jewellery - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 7 mars 2016 PwC, ESSEC Business School team to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Enterprise Innovation 6 mars 2016 Beauty and the East: How China inspired the Art Deco movement - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - SCMP Post Magazine 5 mars 2016 Interview of ESSEC Global BBA student Mr. Keivin Cheng - The Straits Times 26 février 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - French Chamber Singapore 23 février 2016 Following a Double Trajectory - Prof. Jean-Michel Blanquer - BizEd Magazine 23 février 2016 PwC and ESSEC Business School collaborate to drive entrepreneurship and innovation - Press Release 23 février 2016 How to turn counterfeit consumers into real ones - Prof. Anne-Flore Mamam Larraufie - Marketing Interactive 23 février 2016 ESSEC & Mannheim EMBA 2015 Cohort graduates today - Press Release 21 février 2016 Interview of ESSEC BBA Alumna Ms. Valerie Chan and Prof. Martine Bronner - The Sunday Times 8 février 2016 L’ESSEC Asia-Pacific, UN CAMPUS QUI JETTE DES PONTS ENTRE L’ASIE ET L’EUROPE - Prof. Martine Bronner - JournalDesGrandesEcoles.com 5 février 2016 The Fight for Islamic Economy Leadership - Prof. Cedomir Nestorovic - Human Capital Leadership Institute 22 janvier 2016 LVMH preserves, transmits luxury craftsmanship in new ESSEC chair - Luxury Daily 22 janvier 2016 A partnership between the Château de Versailles and ESSEC promoting exceptional savoir-faire - Press Release 13 janvier 2016 Tomorrows business leaders need high ethical standards - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 11 janvier 2016 Deals by Ascendas HTrust, Saizen REIT are harbingers of change for REIT sector - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge Singapore 6 janvier 2016 iMagination Week at ESSEC Business School, Asia-Pacific - Press Release 2015 17 décembre 2015 Managing risk is about raising societys resilience - Dr. Michel Dacorogna, Prof. Marie Kratz, and Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Business Times 10 décembre 2015 Fashion houses hiring women CEOs - Prof. Simon Nyeck - The Straits Times 10 décembre 2015 Veolia Water Technologies Hosts First Think Tank Asia - Press Release décembre 2015 디지털 혁명 시대의 럭셔리 브랜드, ‘제왕적 카리스마’ 버리고 ‘소통’ DNA 장착하라 - Mr. Denis Morisset - Dong-A Business Review 18 novembre 2015 Learning business through Asian lens - Business Times Oct-novembre 2015 ESSEC, the prestigious business school remains in the global top 3 best masters in management in 2015 - Newsletter of the French Embassy in Singapore n°2 1 octobre 2015 Is crowdfunding the new venture capitalism or even better? - Prof. Fabrice Cavarretta - The Business Times 29 septembre 2015 Q&A with Professor Jean-Michel Blanquer - HQ Asia 21-27 septembre 2015 Will the China crisis be a trigger for financial innovation? - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge 17 septembre 2015 Masters Management - HEC et lESSEC à nouveau sur le podium du classement Financial Times - Lepetitjournal.com (in French) 10 septembre 2015 Asking the deeper question - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - Headhunt Executive Education Guide 2015 (PDF) 8 septembre 2015 Learning luxury from the masters at ESSEC - PhilippineTatler.com 3 septembre 2015 The impact of smart cities - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 1 septembre 2015 Tools to manage risks from large economies long overdue - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times 12 août 2015 Public policy and healthcare provision: Virtuous spirals at work - Prof. Gérard de Pouvourville - Enterprise Innovation 4 août 2015 JTC LaunchPad@one-north holds inaugural showcase - Channel NewsAsia 23 juin 2015 Talking Talent with your CEO - HRMAsia 27 mai 2015 ESSEC Opens a New Campus in Singapore - MBA Today 23-24 mai 2015 The art of widening tastes - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Business Times Weekend 11 mai 2015 New Business Degree - The Edge Singapore 7 mai 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore - French Chamber in Hong Kong 7 mai 2015 Another French business school expands in Asia - NIKKEI Asian Review 6 mai 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - AsiaOne.com 6 mai 2015 Festival Voilah! - Ouverture en 3D (French) - Le Petit Journal 5 mai 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in S’pore - The Straits Times 5 mai 2015 French business ESSEC opens new campus here - Business Times 5 mai 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - French Chamber Singapore 4 mai 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France 法国埃塞克高等商学院 亚太分校本地开幕 - Channel 8 News Online (in Chinese) 4 mai 2015 Opening of Asia-Pacific Campus in Singapore by ESSEC Business School from France - ChannelNewsAsia 4 mai 2015 New business degree programme from ESSEC to be available in September - ChannelNewsAsia 4 mai 2015 ESSEC opens first overseas campus in Singapore - Singapore Economic Development Board 4 mai 2015 ESSEC Business School Inaugurates its New Asia-Pacific Campus at One-North in Singapore - Press Release 4 mars 2015 Jean Michel Blanquer - Avec son nouveau campus, l’enjeu pour l’ESSEC est de développer une identité bi-continentale (French) - Le Petit Journal février 2015 Why corporate governance matters - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - The Edge janvier 2015 New ESSEC Business Analytics and Consulting Programme to help bridge IT and Business Gap - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Edge janvier 2015 Insights for Competitive Advantage - Prof. Ashwin Malshe - The Sunday Times Postgraduate Studies Supplement janvier 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market中国掀起毕加索热 改写全球艺术市场格局 - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post (in Chinese) janvier 2015 Misgivings about Corporate Giving - Prof. Arthur Gautier - The Business Times janvier 2015 Chinese collectors passion for Picasso skews global art market - Dr. Patrick Lecomte - South China Morning Post'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/url-campus-la-defense'}, page_content='Campus de Paris / La Défense || ESSEC Campus de Paris La Défense ESSEC Executive Education PrésentationVisiter le campusInformations pratiquesCampus de Paris La DéfenseLe campus de l’ESSEC Business School situé au CNIT à Paris La Défense accueille les participants des programmes de formation continue de l’école. Facilement accessible, il permet à nos talents de concilier aisément vie professionnelle et formation. Nous le savons, votre temps est précieux. C’est pourquoi nous avons choisi le quartier d’affaires de Paris La Défense pour vous accueillir. Grâce à un réseau de transports en commun efficace, vous pouvez rejoindre votre espace de formation depuis Paris intra-muros et sa banlieue, l’aéroport Paris-Charles de Gaulle, la province ou l’étranger. Sur ce campus, tout est conçu pour s’adapter à vos contraintes et vous permettre d’étudier en toute tranquillité. Paris La Défense, 1er quartier d’affaire d’Europe Plus de 180 000 salariés se côtoient chaque jour dans l’un des plus grands quartiers d’affaires du monde. Avec quelque 500 entreprises et les sièges sociaux des plus grandes entreprises du CAC 40 mais aussi des PME et start-up, le quartier d’affaire Paris La Défense propose plus de 3,85 millions de m2 de bureaux et espaces de coworking. Pour ce qui vous concerne, le quartier c’est aussi des logements et des commerces avec l’un des plus grands centres commerciaux d’Europe : Westfield Les 4 Temps. Ce sont plus de 150 restaurants sans oublier les Food Trucks que vous pourrez retrouver sur le parvis, immense espace permettent de déjeuner, de prendre un café, de prendre une pause en plein air. En savoir plus sur le quartier d’affaire Paris La Défense Pour vous permettre d’étudier dans les meilleures conditions, notre campus de Paris La Défense dispose de différents espaces dédiés à la pédagogie allant de la salle de classe à des espaces de travail en petit groupe.Dans l’atrium du campus, vous pourrez aussi régulièrement assister à des conférences autour de thématiques business avec des experts de grande qualité. Un bon moyen de faire le lien entre la salle de classe, votre projet professionnel et le business.Découvrez nos formations executivesDes amphithéâtresDes espaces de travail individuel ou en groupeUn patio, lieu d’événements ou de conférences Se rendre sur le campus CNIT Paris La Défense 2 place de La Défense 92800 Puteaux Venir en transport en commun RER A - arrêt la Défense Transilien - Ligne L - Arrêt La Défense Métro - Ligne 1 direction La Défense Grande Arche - Arrêt La Défense Voir l’itinéraire Plus dinformations sur laccessibilité du campus de Paris La Defense Un service de restauration sur le campus avec une cafétéria ouvert du lundi au samedi propose des sandwichs, des salades, des boissons. 2 espaces café en libre-service Un grand nombre de restaurants offrent une cuisine variée aussi bien dans le CNIT, que dans le centre commercial des 4 temps ou via des Food Trucks sur le Parvis. Le prix étudiant par repas est de seulement 3,15€. Il suffit de présenter une carte étudiante ESSEC pour bénéficier de ce prix. 4 restaurants CROUS se situent à proximité du campus D’autres services à disposition sur le campus pour vous faciliter la vie entre formation et vie professionnelle Bornes de recharge de téléphone Un espace pour stocker vos bagages'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/url-campus-paris-cergy'}, page_content='Campus de Paris Cergy || ESSEC Campus Paris Cergy FrancePrésentationVisiter le campusInfos pratiquesLogementsCampus Paris CergyA 35 minutes du centre de Paris et à quelques minutes de la Gare RER de Cergy-Préfecture, le campus de Cergy est un lieu conçu pour la vie étudiante. Principalement dédié à la formation initiale, on y étudie, mais pas seulement. Installé à Cergy, ville très bien desservie (aéroport international à 25 minutes, plusieurs gares et lignes de bus en plus du RER), vous profiterez de multiples activités culturelles et sportives et de nombreux espaces verts. Ce campus historique de l’ESSEC Business School est tourné vers l’innovation et l’avenir, avec l’ambitieux projet Campus 2023 qui permettra d’en faire un lieu de vie et d’études digne des plus grands standards internationaux. 101 Amphithéâtres, salles de classe et bulles de travail 6 000 Étudiants maximum accueillis en même temps 60 000 m² Surface totale du campus Implantée au cœur du 2e pôle universitaire d’Île-de-France avec plus de 25 000 étudiants, la dynamique ville de Cergy constitue un cadre de vie de grande qualité. Après les cours au sein de l’ESSEC, vous apprécierez un environnement agréable et de nombreuses activités.À proximité, vous trouverez : 5 théâtres dont une scène nationale et un conservatoire, De nombreuses salles de spectacles, des cinémas multiplexes, des festivals d’envergure nationale (Cergy Soit, Jazz au fil de l’Oise, Festival Baroque…) et une multitude d’équipements sportifs (piscines, patinoire, golf…). De quoi bien occuper vos loisirs.D’autant que Cergy, ville à la campagne, s’ouvre sur 2 000 hectares d’espaces verts, un parc naturel régional ainsi que 20 kilomètres de berges aménagées au bord de l’Oise.Pour votre shopping, sachez qu’un grand centre commercial régional, Les Trois Fontaines, est accessible en quelques minutes à pied depuis le campus. Refait à neuf en 2022, il comporte de nombreuses enseignes et un espace restauration flambant neuf.©Gregory Cerou Parce que la vie sur un campus ne s’arrête pas à la salle de classe, vous pourrez trouver sur le campus de Cergy une vie étudiante riche et animée. Elle donne lieu à de nombreux événements et animations favorisant les interactions multiculturelles. Normal, les étudiants internationaux de l’ESSEC représentent plus de 40 % des effectifs totaux. Venant des quatre coins du monde, ils sont le fer de lance d’une centaine de nationalités différentes. C’est dans ce contexte cosmopolite qu’au fil des années, les promotions successives d’étudiants de l’ESSEC ont fondé et gèrent plus de 100 clubs et associations aux thématiques très variées : sportives, culturelles, humanitaires, internationales ou encore citoyennes.Ces associations étudiantes sont au cœur de l’animation du campus et de la vie étudiante. Elles organisent des conférences, des animations festives, des voyages, des tournois, des concerts, et bien d’autres événements à découvrir au cours de l’année scolaire. Vous impliquer dans une ou plusieurs associations étudiantes sera pour vous un vecteur d’épanouissement, tant personnel que professionnel. Découvrir nos associations La reconception des circulations pour un campus vert et écoresponsable La piétonnisation intégrale du campus, L’implantation d’espaces verts et arborés participant à la biodiversité, L’ouverture paysagère du campus sur le parc François-Mitterrand, Le développement des mobilités douces La mise à disposition de bornes de recharge pour véhicules électriques, L’optimisation de l’utilisation des toitures sur le cœur du Campus La création d’un nouveau Sports & Recreation Center partagé avec le territoireSur 2 étages, de nouvelles infrastructures sportives polyvalentes vont être développées afin de répondre aux besoins des étudiants : salle omnisports de 1 300 m², mur d’escalade de 120 m², 2 salles multisports de 200 m² chacune, un court de tennis en toiture. En transparence vitrée sur le parc, elles comporteront notamment un accès via le parc afin de permettre l’utilisation par d’autres des associations sportives du territoire.La transformation de la Tour « historique » en Research Green Tower, exemplaire sur le plan bioclimatiqueAvec une exigence d’exemplarité, cet équipement sera profondément réformé, l’objectif étant d’en faire un bâtiment écoresponsable et écosuffisant. Il sera totalement réorganisé afin de favoriser l’animation d’une Recherche académique rigoureuse et pertinente, expérimentale, pluridisciplinaire en s’appuyant sur des espaces modulables, agiles et conviviaux. Sont prévus notamment des espaces dédiés aux séminaires internationaux de recherche, des salles de thèse, de nouveaux espaces de travail pour les enseignants-chercheurs et les doctorants.La création du Pierre Nanterme Center for Responsible Leadership, composé notamment de nouveaux espaces pédagogiques innovantsDeux étages d’espaces pédagogiques sont pensés pour répondre aux besoins de demain : polyvalence, modularité, cours multi-campus, intégration des innovations pédagogiques digitales, etc. Au rez-de-chaussée : 700 m² d’espaces « Enlightening Entrepreneurship » Au 1er étage : 700 m² d’espaces destinés aux nouvelles pédagogies La structure est conçue pour recevoir 2 étages supplémentaires, afin de répondre aux évolutions futures. Symbole du campus de l’ESSEC à Cergy, le Grand Amphithéâtre accueille des cohortes entières d’étudiants à diverses étapes de leur parcours : rentrée académique des différents programmes (Global BBA, Grande école, Mastères…), expériences académiques, cours magistraux… Il héberge aussi de nombreux événements de l’ESSEC et des associations étudiantes. Il peut accueillir jusqu’à 500 personnes.Le campus de Cergy dispose au total de 29 amphithéâtres de tailles différentes, sièges de cours, de conférences… Les plus grands d’entre eux sont baptisés les « PA ». On en compte 10. Ces salles, souvent disposées en gradins, peuvent accueillir jusqu’à une centaine d’étudiants pour les plus grandes. Elles sont toutes équipées de dispositifs de visioconférences. ESSEC Ventures Un incubateur au cœur du campus pour donner vie aux projets entrepreneuriaux des étudiantsDepuis sa création, l’ESSEC n’a cessé de cultiver l’esprit entrepreneurial et d’innovation, les mettant au cœur de sa pédagogie, de sa recherche et de ses pratiques managériales.Sur le campus de Cergy, vous pourrez être accompagné dans votre création d’entreprise en intégrant l’incubateur ESSEC Ventures. Notre objectif est de vous orienter et vous conseiller tout au long de votre parcours de formation à l’ESSEC.Depuis son lancement en 2000, l’incubateur ESSEC Ventures a soutenu près de 500 projets d’entreprises.En savoir plus Le Dôme, lieu éclectique Le Dôme est la salle polyvalente de l’ESSEC. D’une capacité de 2 400 personnes debout en configuration festive, elle sert aussi bien de salle d’examen lors des concours que de piste de danse lors de la Nuit de l’ESSEC.Et d’autres lieux de vie chaleureuxAprès une journée d’études, la cafétéria de l’ESSEC vous accueillera pour un moment de détente et de restauration. Mais peut-être préférerez-vous rejoindre le couloir des associations pour vous immerger dans le tissu associatif de l’école ? Vous rendre sur le campus : 3 avenue Bernard Hirsch 95021 Cergy-Pontoise Itinéraires vers lESSEC à Cergy en empruntant les transports en commun. Les lignes de transport suivantes ont des itinéraires qui passent près de lESSEC. Train : H, J RER : A Bus : 95-19, 95-20, N150 Voir litinéraireEn 2009, l’ESSEC a confié à la société Accesmétrie un diagnostic d’accessibilité des locaux du Campus de Cergy. Datant des années 70, les bâtiments historiques ont été mis aux normes d’accessibilité des établissements recevant du public (monte-charge, ascenseurs,…). Les nouveaux bâtiments, bâtis dans les années 2000, ont été construits directement aux normes et présentent toutes les installations facilitant les déplacements des personnes en situation de handicap moteur. Depuis, des optimisations régulières sont apportées comme l’installation de plaques podotactiles et de bandes de repérage des contremarches au niveau des escaliers ou l’installation de miroirs bas dans certains sanitaires. L’amélioration de l’accessibilité du Campus est intégrée dans les projets de construction de nouveaux bâtiments, notamment dans le projet Campus 2023. Un service de restauration sur le campus Le Coffee Shop, ouvert du lundi au vendredi de 7h30 à 18h30 The Canteen pour le Staff, ouvert du lundi au vendredi de 11h30 à 13h45 Le Food Hall pour les étudiants, ouvert du lundi au vendredi de 11h30 à 14h00 Le Club, restaurant disponible sur réservation uniquement, ouvert du lundi au vendredi de 12h00 à 14h30 Vous pouvez accéder aux restaurants, brasseries et cafétérias « CROUS » de Cergy Pontoise. Le prix étudiant par repas est de seulement 3,15 €. Il suffit de présenter une carte étudiante ESSEC pour bénéficier de ce prix. De plus, 4 restaurants CROUS se situent à proximité du campus Restaurant «Le Parc» 5, avenue du Parc - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Opening hours : 11:30 am- 1:30 pm Restaurant «Saint-Christophe» Site universitaire de Saint-Christophe 49, rue des Genottes - 95024 Cergy-Pontoise 11:30 am - 1:30 pm Restaurant et Cafétéria «Saint-Martin» Site universitaire de Saint Martin 2, rue Adolphe Chauvin - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Restaurant : 11:30 - 13:30 / Cafétéria : 9:00 - 14:00 Brasserie et Cafétéria «Les chênes» 33, boulevard du Port - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Cafétéria : 8 am - 4 pm / Brasserie : 11:30 - 2 pm À Cergy-Pontoise, l’ESSEC vous propose quatre résidences étudiantes pour profiter de tous les avantages de la vie du campus dans un environnement international, convivial et dynamique. L’ALEGESSEC (Association pour le Logement des Étudiants du Groupe ESSEC) loge un étudiant de l’école sur quatre et plus de 84 % d’étudiants internationaux. Dans chacune des résidences règne une atmosphère qui lui est propre, de l’ambiance multiculturelle des Hauts-de-Cergy au design et au confort du Port. 1 093 chambres, studios et appartements, vous sont proposées à proximité du campus avec des prestations et des équipements de qualité pour vous faciliter la vie. À vous de décider si vous préférez vivre seul dans un studio simple, en cohabitation à deux dans un studio double ou dans un appartement pour couple. Flyer Réglement intérieur FAQ Comment réserver ? Dès réception de votre identifiant B00….., vous pourrez accéder au portail en ligne de l’ALEGESSEC disponible depuis votre espace « myessec » pour effectuer votre demande de logement : https://housing.alegessec.fr/authenticate Les étudiants extérieurs doivent nous contacter par mail (alegessec-gestion@essec.edu) ou par téléphone (+33 (0) 1 34 20 60 00) « La Résidence du Parc, c’est bien plus qu’une simple résidence étudiante : c’est l’opportunité de s’ouvrir à une nouvelle famille, avec des personnes possiblement venues des quatre coins du globe ! J’avais peur de perdre tous mes repères en vivant seule. Mais ma peur était infondée : avec toutes mes colocataires, nous avons appris à vivre ensemble, à accepter et à tirer le meilleur de nos différences culturelles ! »Émilie Ung-SunGlobal BBA - France« Ce que j’apprécie à la résidence du port, c’est son niveau de confort que ce soit les chambres, spacieuses et confortables, mais aussi le fait que la résidence soit plutôt calme. Par ailleurs elle se trouve près de l’ESSEC (10 min maximum à pied) ainsi on se retrouve pas du tout éloigné de la vie du campus. »David JamiGrande École - France« J’ai choisi les Linandes pour le rapport qualité-prix. La proximité d’un arrêt de bus permet un trajet facile et rapide entre les Linandes et l’ESSEC, entre les Linandes et la gare RER de Cergy, entre les Linandes et le centre commercial des 3 Fontaines. »Eadwin-Dean ChehdlGlobal BBA - FranceComment procéder ? Pour tous les étudiants Faites votre demande d’APL sur le site de la CAF, APRÈS LA REMISE DES CLÉS, en vous aidant de la procédure envoyée le jour de la remise des clés. Si vous avez perçu des APL auparavant pour un autre logement, vous devez contacter votre ancienne CAF pour l’informer de votre déménagement et connaître la marche à suivre. Un RIB (Relevé d’Identité Bancaire) d’un compte bancaire français est obligatoir Pour les étudiants de nationalité française L’APL n’est pas cumulable avec les allocations familiales Pour les étudiants internationaux Pour les étudiants hors communauté européenne, un visa étudiant ou une carte de séjour est obligatoire. Les dates de validité de la carte de séjour doivent inclure la période d’occupation. L’éligibilité aux APL est fonction de la nature du visa, mais pas de la durée de celui-ci. Indispensable : extrait d’acte de naissance et sa traduction en français tamponnée par l’ambassade ou le consulat de France dans votre pays.'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/programs/masters-msc'}, page_content='Masters & Msc || ESSEC Masters & MSc Number of programs: 0'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/campus/paris-cergy'}, page_content='Paris / Cergy campus || ESSEC Paris Cergy Campus FrancePresentationVisit the campusPractical informationHousingParis Cergy CampusLocated just 35 minutes from the center of Paris and a few minutes from the Cergy-Préfecture RER station, ESSECs Paris Cergy Campus is a place specifically designed for student life. This campus is primarily devoted to full-time education, a perfect place for studying, and more! The city of Cergy is well connected to public transportation (25 min to international airport, several train stations and bus lines in addition to the RER line), and offers a wide range of cultural and sporting activities and numerous green spaces. ESSEC Business Schools historic campus is driven by innovation and is resolutely forward-looking, thanks to the schools ambitious "Campus 2023" project which will make it a place to live and study worthy of the highest international standards. 101 Lecture halls, classrooms and small group work spaces (called “bubbles”) 6 000 Of total student capacity 60 000 m² Of total surface area Located in the heart of the second-largest university hub of the Île-de-France region with over 25,000 students, the dynamic city of Cergy offers a great quality of life. After classes at ESSEC, you will be able to enjoy a pleasant environment and a host of activities.Nearby, you will find: five theaters, one of which was awarded the “national stage” label, and a music conservatoire, numerous performance venues, multiplex cinemas, national festivals (Cergy Soit, Jazz au fil de lOise, Festival Baroque, etc.) and a multitude of sports facilities (swimming pools, ice rink, golf course, etc.). Plenty to do in your spare time.Nature lovers will enjoy Cergy’s location in the countryside, opening onto 2,000ha of green spaces, a regional nature conservation area and 20km of riverbanks along the Oise River.For shopping, one of the region’s largest malls, Les Trois Fontaines, is just a few minutes walking distance from the campus. The mall, which was renovated in 2022, features numerous stores and a brand new food court.©Gregory Cerou Because life on campus is not limited to the classroom, the Paris Cergy Campus offers a rich and lively student life. The many clubs operating on the campus host numerous events and activities that promote multicultural interaction, and for good reason: ESSECs international students account for over 40% of the total student body. With students from all over the world, over 100 different nationalities are proudly represented.It is in this cosmopolitan context that, over the years, successive classes of ESSEC students have founded and managed more than 100 student organizations with a wide variety of themes: sports; culture; humanitarian; international; or community-oriented. These student organizations are the heartbeat of the campus and student life at ESSEC. They organize conferences, festive events, trips, tournaments, concerts, plays, community-driven initiatives, to name just a few of the many events you will get the opportunity to discover throughout the academic year. Getting involved in one or more student organizations will be a great way for you to grow, both personally and professionally. Student organizations Redesigning traffic flow for a green and eco-responsible campus Full pedestrianization of the campus; The establishment of green spaces and trees contributing to biodiversity; Landscaping the campus for continuity with the François-Mitterrand Park; The development of soft mobility; The provision of charging stations for electric vehicles; The optimization of rooftops at the center of the campus. Establishing a new Sports & Recreation Center shared with the local community A brand new, two-story, multi-purpose sports center, to meet the needs of students: a 1,300m² sports hall; a 120m² climbing wall; two 200m² multi-sports halls; and a rooftop tennis court. It will be wrapped in a glass shell looking onto the park, with direct access via the park to enable access by local sports clubs.Transforming the “historical” administrative Tower into the Research Green Tower, which will be exemplary in its bioclimatic designDriven by a willingness to set an example in its design, this space will be profoundly transformed to become an eco-responsible and eco-sufficient building. It will be completely reorganized to promote rigorous, relevant, experimental and multidisciplinary academic research based on flexible, agile and user-friendly spaces. In particular, it will feature dedicated spaces for international research seminars, thesis rooms, and new work spaces for professor-researchers and doctoral students.Establishing the Pierre Nanterme Center for Responsible Leadership, which includes new innovative educational spacesTwo stories of educational spaces designed to meet the needs of tomorrow: versatility; modularity; multi-campus courses; integration of pedagogical digital innovations, etc. Ground floor: 700m² devoted to the Enlightening Entrepreneurship pillar First floor: 700m² devoted to new teaching methods The building is designed to accommodate two additional floors, in order to meet future developments.A symbol of ESSEC’s Paris Cergy Campus, the Grand Amphitheatre lecture hall welcomes entire cohorts of students at various stages of their academic journey: onboarding at the start of the academic year for the school’s various programs (Global BBA, MiM, Masters, etc.); academic experiences; lectures, etc. It also hosts numerous ESSEC and student association events. It can accommodate up to 500 people.The Paris Cergy Campus has a total of 29 different-sized lecture halls, which are used for courses, conferences, etc. The largest of these are called “PAs”. There are 10 such lecture halls, most often tiered, with the largest ones accommodating up to 100 students. All are equipped with video-conferencing equipment. ESSEC Ventures, an incubator in the heart of the campus bringing students entrepreneurial projects to lifeSince it was founded, ESSEC has always cultivated a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation, placing these values at the very core of its educational approach, research, and managerial practices.The Cergy campus offers a unique space for supporting students in their entrepreneurial ventures: the ESSEC Ventures incubator. Our goal is to guide and advise you throughout your studies at ESSEC.Since its launch in 2000, the ESSEC Ventures incubator has supported nearly 500 business projects. Find out more The Dôme: a versatile space The Dôme is ESSEC’s multipurpose hall. With a capacity of 2,400 standing places for special celebrations, it is used as an examination room for the competitive entry exams and as a dance floor during the yearly La Nuit de lESSEC campus-wide party.And other recreation and entertainment spacesAfter a day of hard work, visit the ESSEC cafeteria to grab a refreshment and relax. Or you might prefer to visit the clubs corridor to get a feel for the school’s associative life.Getting to the campus 3 avenue Bernard Hirsch 95021 Cergy-Pontoise Public transportation Transilien lines H or J, Cergy-Préfecture station RER A, destination: Cergy Le Haut - Cergy-Préfecture station Bus lines: 95-19, 95-20, N150 See itineraryIn 2009, ESSEC entrusted Accesmétrie with an accessibility diagnosis of the Paris Cergy Campus. The historic buildings, which were built in the 1970s, were brought up to the accessibility standards for establishments open to the public (disabled access elevators, etc.). The more recent buildings, built in the 2000s, were already built to current standards and are equipped with all necessary facilities to ensure our campus is accessible to all. Since then, regular improvements have been made, such as the addition of tactile paving and tactile strips on stairs, and the installation of low mirrors in certain washrooms. The improvement of the accessibility of the campus is an integral part of the requirements for new construction projects, for instance for the Campus 2023 project. On-campus dining services The Coffee Shop, open Monday to Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. The Canteen for staff, open Monday to Friday, 11:30 a.m. to 1:45 p.m. The Food Hall for students, open Monday to Friday from 11:30am to 2:00pm Le Club, restaurant available by reservation only, open Monday to Friday from 12:00 to 14:30 Access to all the subsidized CROUS restaurants, brasseries and cafeterias throughout Cergy Pontoise The price per meal for students is capped at €3.15. All you need to do is show your ESSEC student card. There are four subsidized CROUS restaurants near the campus «Le Parc» 5, avenue du Parc - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Opening hours : 11:30 am- 1:30 pm «Saint-Christophe» Site universitaire de Saint-Christophe 49, rue des Genottes - 95024 Cergy-Pontoise 11:30 am - 1:30 pm «Saint-Martin» Site universitaire de Saint Martin 2, rue Adolphe Chauvin - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Restaurant : 11:30 - 13:30 / Cafeteria : 9:00 - 14:00 «Les chênes» 33, boulevard du Port - 95000 Cergy-Pontoise Cafeteria : 8 am - 4 pm / Brasserie : 11:30 - 2 pm In Cergy-Pontoise, ESSEC offers four student residences so you can enjoy all the benefits of campus life in an international, friendly and dynamic environment. ALEGESSEC (Association pour le Logement des Étudiants du Groupe ESSEC) provides housing for one out of every four ESSEC students and more than 84% of them are international students. Each residence has its own unique atmosphere, from the multicultural atmosphere of the Hauts-de-Cergy residence to the atypical design and comfort of Le Port. A total of 1,093 rooms, studios and apartments are available close to the campus and equipped with quality services and all the amenities you need to make life easier. You choose whether you prefer to live alone in a single studio, with a roommate in a double studio, or apply for an apartment for couples. Flyer Rules and regulations Q&A How to book a room? As soon as you receive your B00xxxx identifier, you will be able to access the ALEGESSEC online portal from your “myessec” space to submit your housing application: https://housing.alegessec.fr/authenticate External students should contact us by email (alegessec-gestion@essec.edu) or by phone (+33 (0) 1 34 20 60 00) “The Le Parc residence is much more than just a place to live: its an opportunity to open up to a new family, with people potentially from all over the world! I was afraid that I would lose all my bearings living alone. But I had no need to be afraid: with all my roommates, we learned to live together, to accept one another and make the most of our cultural differences!"Émilie Ung-SunGlobal BBA - France“What I appreciate about the Le Port residence is the level of comfort of the rooms, which are spacious and cozy, as well as the fact that the residence is rather quiet. Also, it is close to ESSEC (10 minutes maximum by foot) so you still feel part of the campus life.”David JamiMaster in Management – France“I chose Linandes for its value for money. The bus stop nearby allows for a quick and easy commute between the residence and ESSEC, the Cergy RER station and the Trois Fontaines shopping mall.”Eadwin-Dean ChehdlGlobal BBA - FranceHow to apply? For all students Apply for the APL on the CAF website, ONLY AFTER YOU HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE KEYS TO YOUR ACCOMMODATION, following the procedure sent to you on the day you were given the keys. If you previously received APL for another accommodation, you must contact your former CAF to inform them of your new address and they will guide you through the necessary steps. A bank account number from a French bank (RIB) is required. For French nationals The APL cannot be combined with the family allowance from the CAF. For international students For students from outside the European Community, a student visa or residence permit is required. The validity dates of the residence permit must cover the period of occupancy. Eligibility for APLs is based on the type of visa, but not the duration of the visa. Required: your birth certificate and its translation into French stamped by the French embassy or consulate in your home country. Need help?'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/fr/programme/a-propos-de-la-formation-continue'}, page_content='Executive Education - Formation continue adaptée aux professionnels || ESSEC À propos de la formation continue Langues Français, Anglais Durée Entre 2 jours et 18 mois Lieux Paris (La Défense) – Campus du CNIT, Rabat, SingapourBrochureBrochure contact PrésentationJe suis un professionnelJe souhaite former mes collaborateursÀ propos de la formation continueTrouvez un programme adapté à votre profil : #6 au monde en Executive Education (Financial Times, 2022) - ESSEC EE 4 campus à Cergy (France), Paris - La Défense (France), Singapour et Rabat (Maroc) 5 000 managers formés chaque année 154 professeurs, dont 24 professeurs Emeritus 71 000 Alumni à travers le monde 24 chaires, soutenues par plus de 1000 entreprises Un réseau dexcellence Vous avez complété un programme diplômant, certifiant ou court ? Vous faites désormais partie de l’ESSEC Executive community !Profitez dopportunités de réseautage, de mentorat et dapprentissage continu pour faire progresser votre carrière dans un monde en constante évolution.En savoir plusformation-continue Tous nos programmes Executive Explorez notre gamme complète de programmes conçus pour répondre aux besoins de développement professionnel des cadres et dirigeants.En savoir plusformation-continue Programmes diplômants Développez votre potentiel en tant que cadre dirigeant responsable grâce aux diplômes exécutifs de lESSEC, conçus pour les cadres, managers, experts ou dirigeants qui cherchent à se perfectionner, à se recycler ou à lancer leur propre entreprise.En savoir plusformation-continue Certificats et programmes courts Challengez vos acquis et développez votre potentiel avec les formations courtes de l’ESSEC. Découvrez nos certificats et programmes courts (de 2 à 6 jours) couvrant une gamme variée de domaines clés du management pour un perfectionnement rapide et ciblé.En savoir plusformation-continue ESSEC Online Explorez lexcellence académique avec les programmes en ligne de lESSEC grâce à notre gamme de programmes dédiés, offrant une variété de choix pour votre développement professionnel. Formations courtes pour professionnels en quête de développement continu. En savoir plusformation-continue Executive MBA Les MBA’s de lESSEC sont des programmes de niveau supérieur destiné aux professionnels expérimentés souhaitant acquérir des compétences de gestion avancées pour accélérer leur carrière. Explorez nos Executive MBA en format hybride, modulaire et weekend, à compléter en seulement 18 mois.En savoir plusformation-continue Global MBA Ouvrez les portes de lindustrie de votre choix avec le Global MBA de lESSEC, un programme de 12 mois à temps plein dispensé en France. Les participants sont dotés des compétences spécifiques pour les aider à réussir leur changement de carrière.En savoir plusVous allez être redirigé vers une page en anglaisformation-continue Programmes sur mesure Co-construisez avec nous un programme sur mesure adapté à votre organisation, prenant en compte vos besoins, objectifs, culture et enjeux de transformation.En savoir plusformation-continue Formations sur catalogue Accompagnez vos collaborateurs avec une formation adaptée à leurs besoins grâce à notre catalogue de programmes diplômants, certifiants ou courts.En savoir plusBesoin daide'), Document(metadata={'source': 'https://www.essec.edu/en/campus/l'}, page_content='ESSEC')]